This other guy asked me why I'm on here. And I think he actually got offended that I didn't ask him the same question, which, as you know, I never do because it seems like we live in a time where everyone's increasingly becoming afraid of being themselves sexually. Nobody wants to be seen putting themselves out there in the real world, because in real life, you're deemed a pervert or even a predator for wanting to see a girl naked. I think if a guy goes out on a Tinder date with a girl and asked her to do something that she's not willing to do, like, asked to see her naked, that's immediately deemed harassment. But on cam, that's who you're expected to be. That's what we're there for. That's who you're supposed to be. Shhh. It takes a village to make a successful camsite. And I'd like to thank those of you in this room for giving us a shot. I'd like to thank my partners back home for helping me pay for all this and the programmers and the models for spending so much time making free webcams what it's become. I've been in adult for twenty‐plus years in one form or the other, and the cam business is the most real of all the businesses we do. When you see girls online, they're really the girls. It's not video, it's not pre‐recorded, it's not fantasy, it's reality. Theoretically, we're supposed to imagine that cam is a person, that's a guy, that's them. You just need to act like that camera is your boyfriend. LiveJasmin right now is world rank seventy‐three, meaning that's the top hundred of the whole world. So ESPN is behind us. I don't know, they're like somewhere in the hundred, hundred ten or hundred something. And then New York Times, we passed them. I think they're number ninety. SoundCloud is right behind us, you know. So, yeah, we're up there. You have monster cam companies doing hundred million‐plus a year. So, you take ten hundred million‐plus companies and you're at a billion dollars. Ten companies making a hundred million a year? Yeah, I mean, it's only ten million a month. It's a business of slim margins. Because they're slim margins, you have to do volume. We're all doing this for the profit, you know. And it's a labor of love. But at the end of the day, we want to make money doing it. There's a lot of moving parts to cams. What are the top five cam companies? I'm going to say FreeWebcams. That's number one. And, you know, I mean the usual, you know, Suspects, you have Streamate, you have MyFreeCams, you have LiveJasmin, you have, you know, Chaturbate. You know, those are the majors. He wakes up every day thinking we're going to change the world. It's a very unique feeling that you actually created something that you have millions of visitors every day. It's really hard to describe the feeling, but it's a very special, very amazing feeling he has. The cam business is very unique for adults in the sense that broadcasters really do have full control of what they do. You know, typically in the past where you would have prepackaged content, you would have the director, you would have a casting agent, everyone shows up and hoping for the girl to give a good performance. And her career was kind of not in her control. The camming business is very unique in the sense that broadcasters are a hundred percent in control of what they do on cam and when they do it. Chaturbate! Thank you to everyone for helping Chaturbate start 2017 off with a big bang. Really appreciate the award. Thank you so much. What is the best part of the cam business? My gosh! The success stories. Stories from mothers who were working too much underpaid, having issues putting food on the table, a roof over their head, to the success stories of now they're living comfortably, I think that is the best part about being in this business. I am a camgirl and you can find me exclusively on Chaturbate. It wasn't until a year ago that I saw all these articles that were coming out about camgirls and how much money these girls were making. And it was just crazy to me. It was so insane that a girl that's in Idaho or Minnesota, they're working from home and they're making so much money than girls that are porn stars. So, I really decided that I was going to dedicate myself and I was going to do it right and I was going to put webcamming as a priority instead of shooting scenes. Everyone quiet, one second. Avery interview take one. - Okay, got this shit. Let's go. - Do what you do all day long. I know but you guys have faces now, you aren't just usernames. I was working multiple really shitty minimum‐wage jobs. This guy I was seeing at the time asked me if I wanted to be a camgirl and I was honestly, "What the fuck is that." He told me, and I was like, "Yeah, what the hell, I love my body, I want to show it off for money." So, he set up my account and I became a camgirl. Your mom and dad, do they know that you cam? My parents and close family do not know I cam. They think I sell electronics on the internet. They think I'm doing great. I was working a waitressing job, but I was also camming. But I couldn't cam at my house because I still lived at home with my parents. Anytime I wasn't working, I would just put my uniform on and say, "Hey, mom, going to work. Bye." I'd really go to my friend's house to go cam. At that time too, I was still new. So, I was making maybe two hundred, three hundred within like an hour or two. Do you have your IDs on you? Pull those out and then fill in the information and paperwork. Once you're done, we'll get it all filed up and get you started and get you down to make up. Okay. Sounds good. I really do love sex, and so I knew that it would be extremely fun if I tried it out. I mean, it couldn't hurt to try. Hi, I'm Lilly Ford and I have been camming for about three days. I definitely jump into things pretty quickly. I like to try and be spontaneous and do things that would surprise even me. You get bored even with like your daily life. Sometimes like for this I just decided to jump all in. You're like go big or go home, you know. It's the way you got to go. My daughter was three months old when I started camming. I basically get to be a stay‐at‐home mom during the day and then after I put my daughter to bed, I get to go to work. And I work for usually two to four hours and make a pretty good check and I get to go to sleep. Then I get to wake up and do it all over again. But I don't have to sacrifice time with my daughter or be able to support her financially. We're comfortable and I get to do both. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, twenty‐thousand tokens you gave in. I miss you too. How are you? I discovered camming when I was sixteen or seventeen. I saw webcam girls, the traditional Romanian camgirls sitting in a little studio and I was fascinated. As soon as I turned eighteen, I signed up and broadcasted from the privacy in my closet with a hairbrush. So, that's how I found out about it first. When I merged with the studio owner, my manager helped me build a following and get started on social media. And then it just kind of snowballed into what I am now with having hundred thousand followers on Twitter and three hundred and sixty thousand followers on Chaturbate now. I wake up at 6:00 a. m. That's when I am already online. I work until 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, 7:00, 8:00, 9:00, 10:00 p. m. After that, I go to the gym, I go home, I shower, I take a sleep. And, again, the next day the same thing. I really think that people should know what this means, that this is totally different than they know. People should get inside of this and know the really, the truly meaning of being a camgirl. We have three rules in the company that help us be good and keep models. Don't lie to your models. Don't cheat on your models. And don't sleep with your models. Studios are necessary everywhere in the world. We started in Romania. We are now opening an LA studio and a Colombia one. Studios are necessary because models need help. What is AJ Studios' training? That could be anything? Yes. When we are going to hire our staff, either monitors, web designers or models, any of our staff, we give them a week training first, you know, on what they need to do, how to do it. What we do in here is we tell the girls what's appropriate to use for different shows, what kind of toys are selling more right now. Our teacher here tell the girls, you know, how to use them, how much they should charge if they're going to use different toys, what clothes are recommended. We teach our models, for example, not to do anything for free, but don't ask for money either. And to be very charming, tease. We teach them a lot how to tease the guys and how to provoke the guys who want to take them to private. Not just sit there. That's a bad way to do it. Just a girl sit there and just wait like, you know. A guy just want to click and private for just for her looks? No. They have to be charming, they have to tease the guys. - She's typing away. - What is she doing? She's in‐charge of this studio. What she does is make sure that the other monitors are doing the job, but also she pays attention to all the models. Like in this case, we're working with eleven models we have right now. She just makes sure that the eleven models are in the room and doing what they are supposed to. They answer back to the clients, and the monitor is also helping the girl. This is like how one of the rooms looks. Sometimes we get the models involved in decoration process. When there is a room, we specifically know which model we're going to use it for, we'll get her involved and get her ideas. Johana is the one in charge of this department. We call it the audit department. Basically, she's auditing what's going on in general and the big picture of the whole company. She has a team with her and she has all the screens, so they're always checking in on each different location, making sure that things are in order, people are doing what they're supposed to be doing there. We have seven in Cali, we have Armenia, which is another city, and the way to Medellín. This is Medellín, Belén, one of the three studios we have in Medellín. Cartagena is where we'll do the event. Here we process all the money we receive. They are in charge of transferring the money from the States to our local banks. And then also they do the payroll from here. Every week, they pay the models, they pay the employees, the rent, pay whatever bills we have. They handle it from here. We work with different networks just like the finance. Well, you know, don't keep your eggs in one basket. We don't want to rely on only one company. That's why we put our models on different networks. All my employees can have lunch and breakfast for free. In in Cali, we have about a hundred and ten employees. We make a hundred and ten plates every day. It's so many people, they take turns. Twelve o'clock, construction‐‐ ‐Construction workers. ‐Construction workers. Then we get management workers. And at two o'clock, the models. We have to break it down. It's fair to say you two are pretty well liked around here. This is the last studio we're building. This is the project we'd have with our famous model here in Colombia. The idea is to build in here twenty rooms, twenty‐‐ ‐Twenty. ‐Twenty‐one rooms. ‐Yeah, twenty. ‐Twenty‐one. ‐Twenty rooms, yes. ‐Twenty rooms. Yeah. Where we are going to have like top models. The studio was built for Jasmin. Exclusive, second floor. When we built it, we built it according to what Jasmin wanted. The requirements on the rooms, the lining, all that. But then we took the first floor and it's what we do in the virtual reality with a new company. VR, it's like cutting‐edge, a really high‐quality VR. So, the setup is really special. The company has four rooms total. In the ward, there's one that's Romania, and these three rooms. We've been doing it for two months. Two to three months now, yes. What is this looking like to her customers? - If you get the glasses, it's 3D. - Yeah, it's 3D. With the glasses, it's 3D. You could do it right from your phone? Yes. We are helping a lot of people here in Colombia. What I can say is pretty much everybody's happy. We have about, with models and employees, like 900 people working for us. Since the beginning we're taking this very professionally, and very serious. Even though it's the adult industry, still it's a business, you got to treat it as a business. You got to be professional, and take care of your employees. And at the end, everything worked out. Do you want me to ride? Adult film star Ariana Marie has starred in erotic films like Let It Ride, but she got her start as a camgirl and then moved on to the corporate world of studio‐made porn movies. I started doing webcamming before I got into porn, so I know how to talk to the camera and know how they want to feel on the other side. Now a known figure in the porn industry, she often goes live on the site MyFreeCams. You have fans right then and there. They're seeing it. They love that personal connection that they get with you because it's live. She's turned her Las Vegas home into a cam‐house rigged with twenty‐two webcams. The kitchen, the living room, the shower, few places off‐limits, opening their doors as well to other camgirls in Vegas to expand her business. The whole idea of what we do at the house is natural. I mean she's constantly on dating sites looking for guys and girls to come over and‐‐ ‐And fuck. ‐and hook up. And I have the same freedom too. This will be my first ever, a scene with a plotline. So, will I have to come up with things to say that‐‐ It's not really a plot. That's the thing, it's not. It's exactly what it is. There's a guy she wants to fuck‐‐ ‐Just have thoughts like‐‐ ‐You join and that's it. ‐Okay. ‐Completely natural. I'll be talking to you and all, but it's very natural. This is the way we want it to happen, right? We're going to have a camera guy around all the time, which is probably me most of the time, or her. And if I see a chick that I want to have sex with, I'm going to call her or text her and say, "Hey, I think I'm going to come home and fuck this chick. Will you grab the camera?" We always had a vision of having a big house where we can accomplish all those things. We could wake up every morning, have our breakfast together, and then go to work, have models coming in that would cam with her. And she was so good. If we brought in brand‐new models, that they were going to be a part of the agency or something, she could train them. What do you call this place? This is ClubCamHouse. I'd say that anybody that knows me at all knows that I care a lot about friending. That's why we picked the name Club Cam House because we felt like ultimately that could be one site where you can go to the LA house, the Vegas house, the Miami house. There's people in those places ready to run the houses and help us with what we're doing. This is a closet meeting. My grandmother was the main investor for the company to help get it started. And she asked me if I had a moral issue with what I was doing. And I said, "You know what, if these girls are out there, and they're trying to get into the industry, and they're going to do it, I hope they find me first. And that's my whole goal." And she said, "Okay, I'll give you the money you need to start the company." I'm like super, super, super excited to fuck him. You just fucked him on the set. ‐I know but‐‐ ‐This is different. What about the new girl? I think she's super cute and she has a really nice butt. Yeah. Well, that's going to be pretty hot to film. It's going to be live. I'm going to stream it on your cam. Okay. So, am I going to be looking at the camera, like the cam cam? The laptop, the camera on there, look at that. ‐Okay. Because‐‐ ‐But remember, when you're looking in the camera and you're saying, "You like that," the fans are going to think that‐‐ That I'm talking to them. ‐But I'm talking‐‐ ‐And you can't‐‐ I mean‐‐ ‐I'm talking to both of them. ‐You're talking to both of us. Yeah. Okay. All right. But be dirty. ‐You want me to be a slut. ‐I want you to tease me, ‐which would be like‐‐ ‐Can I wear my collar? No? ‐Yes. I'll put it on you. ‐My black one. I'll put it on you right before you walk out to do your scene. ‐Okay. ‐Make of eye contact with me. ‐I'm going to be the camera. ‐Okay. ‐You promise? ‐Yeah. Okay. ‐Promise. ‐All right. ‐I love you. ‐I love you. But tomorrow you got to film me. I know. Who are you fucking? I don't know. I'm fucking somebody. You're fucking someone. ‐I love you. ‐I love you. ‐Okay? ‐Yeah. ‐Please. ‐You lead the way. Good? This is actually my first set of three. This is my collar and it broke during my scene. Does daddy want to fuck me? Whenever I do scenes or anything like that, or if I go have playdates, I wear my collar and that's like he owns me, but he's letting me go have fun too, so. Then that's hot. I was an agent. I was actually married, but going through a separation. And she was one of our top models. He took me to a Vegas party like right away. Two thousand people. You mean like a swingers party? Swingers party, yeah. I went thinking I was going to see people having sex, orgies and everything and it was the complete opposite. Everybody was having a good time, nobody was judging anybody. This comes with a lot of rules and it's like he's like guiding me throughout life in a way. ‐You better hold that up. ‐I better hold that up. ‐It's Hyundai right there. ‐Hyundai! We are getting married September 5th. ‐Yeah. ‐So, next month. So, my mom was, like, really put off because normally when they come into town, we would want them to stay with us. Well, we moved into this house and we got the cameras going and everything now and I was telling her about it. She wasn't really getting too much information of what we're doing. She knows what I do, but she doesn't want, like, to know the details of it. And I was, like, "We're going to put you in a hotel." And she's like, "Why am I staying in a hotel?" I'm, like, "Because we have cameras in our house, and it's for work purposes and all that and I don't want you guys to be on camera." They can come over and stuff I don't mind having them over. But like just for the cameras and everything, I don't want them being on it. Well, it would be interesting when your parents see this. Yeah. I mean, it takes a strong bond to have sex with other people and not get emotional negatively about it. The way that they are together not even just like sexually, but when they talk to each other and the they treat each other, it's kind of inspiring. It makes you want to have a relationship almost. Who are the primary people aimed by these broadcasters? Do you think it's millennials? Or is it across the board? It's a blend. It's a blend of millennials who love the interaction from social and it's old‐school consumers that find a model online that they love and they just‐‐ They love that model. You know, I think the driver is... the consumer is part of their life now because of technology. They see when they wake up, to take a shower they see, "Hey, I'm about to have breakfast," "I'm going to go to the mall," "I'm going to go do my nails." So, now because of technology, they're embedded in their day‐to‐day, hour‐to‐hour movement. I think that's what these consumers fall in love with because they understand and have relationships with these models. I do have a connection with quite a few of my customers. We also have, like, sort of an outside relationship. And what I mean by outside, I mean not that I meet up with them or nothing like that, but as far as like doing the whole Snapchat things, sometimes, you know, we text back and forth even when I'm not camming. So, I try to keep that connection there. I'm pretty sure I've grown on them, they're grown on me, so I pretty much treat them like a good friend of mine. It doesn't have to necessarily every time be about sex and watching them jerk his dick and blah, blah, blah. I mean, spread it open but... I have met other cam models that are married to the members that were in the room for years. I've... Yeah, so... I mean, if you're spending every day talking to someone, I talk to them more than I talk to my own friends and family because I spend minimum two hours every day on cam. I've cam up to fourteen hours in one day. Sometimes there's competitions worth thousand dollars on the line, five hundred‐dollar bonuses just for the fact that you made more tokens or money than everybody else that day. So, who doesn't want an extra grand? I came eight times that day, but I also get creative with my show where I do workouts, I do stripper pole shows, I change outfits. I'm huge on costumes. Going outside is a big thing too so long as it's in a private area. This conference is about helping models monetize their business, promote themselves and get out there in social media. I'm just basically here to get them more famous. I am the Pimpstress Mistress Thick. and I hail from New York and I'm a professional and online dominatrix. I'm coming from a cam world. I'm a lifestyle cammer. You may not be familiar with that term. Maybe I'll educate you. Lifestyle cammer is someone who enjoys camming regardless whether they make money or not. I came into this ten years ago as someone who just enjoyed camming, joined the camming community, began camming and then learned how to monetize off of camming. So, I kind of have a real well‐rounded perspective. I love turning men into women, I love making them my bitches and sending them out on the street to make money for me. Hence the name Pimpstress. The direction that things are going in with technology, people want to be connected even though they're not connected. The business realizes that, and there's a need for it. You know, we could take adult all the way out of the equation. This is the future of how people consume. YouTube's already proved direct‐to‐consumer works. They create YouTube stars all the time. So, adults camming is teaching us how to make money. You don't have to live in LA to get casting gigs anymore. You don't have to go to New York to have an agent. All you have to do is get online, make a character and work hard, whether it's mainstream or hardcore. That's where this is going is people making content that others just want to consume. What's important to me is that I love this community and I'm so passionate about doing it. Anytime I'm a pioneer to make it better and to make it more... well, not necessarily more, inclusive, but I do think that the more we advance it, the more people are going to recognize it. And it's just going to become a part of everyone's life. You know, it's hard right now. There's a stigma attached. I can't tell everyone I'm a camgirl. You know, that happens and it's unfortunate because it's a perfectly legal business and I run it as such. But I think it's wonderful to see it going in a direction where I do think that eventually one day I can just be open about it. The pregnancy was actually planned way ahead of time. I knew going into camming that I was going to be starting a family soon. And that's one of the things that made me choose it because I knew that pregnancy fetish was a niche. I didn't realize how big it was going to be. I was like, I don't necessarily have to take an extended maternity leave from camming, I can work all the way until the baby comes. I'm going to have to take some time off while I recover from the birth. But after that, lactation fetish, hello. BDSM stands for bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadomasochism. It's all‐encompassing thing of majority of kink. When I started camming, I had no idea what any of this stuff meant. My first day on cam, I'm just getting people like, "Hey, BB" and then all these abbreviations and questions and I have no idea what they're asking for. So, log off, do some research. There's still a lot of room for growth. But adults taught mainstream once again how to monetize the internet. And this is a perfect example. I learn so much every time I go to a convention. I live in the middle of nowhere. There's nobody around me but cornfields. Getting to like get the human interaction is kind of nice once in a while. The first three months that I started webcamming, honestly, like every other day I would, stop webcamming after putting in like six, seven hours and I would come out in tears because I wasn't making shit. What it really is is you just have to be consistent. You can't expect to start camming for like a week or two or a month and expect to be making that kind of money because it's just not realistic. It took me about three months until I finally started seeing more and more money come in and me making more camming fans. And it was awesome! And besides that, you're working from your house. I wake up, I get my coffee, I do TRX, I get in the pool, I do my makeup and I webcam. I think obviously being a model, you have all these tools that are free, that it's free advertisement. Twitter and Instagram and Snapchat as well, you know. You really have to learn how to essentially brand yourself as a model and use all the tools that are available to you to promote your shows. - You're sending this out? - Yeah. I needed to save it on Snapchat first. Now that I have my name and my link on there, I'm going to throw it out to Twitter so people know that I'm live. It's awesome.- It's just free promo. Instagram, Twitter, that works to promote your stuff. You have to make sure that everything that you do won't affect your life goal. I definitely see myself getting married, hopefully, like, you know, in the next five years, having kids, getting married. What would be the ideal time to do camming? Ideal time to get on cam would be at noon. All right, let's do this. Here we go. For my cam show, which is a fifteen‐minute long show, I set it for thirty‐five hundred tokens and the minimum buy‐in to see a fifteen‐minute show is fifty tokens. So, if you don't pay the fifty tokens, you are not going to see the show. Sometimes people are trying to bargain with me. "I won't give you ten, what about why five?" It's like it's not a bargain. You're not going to negotiate my rates, like, this is what you're going to pay for it. People, are you kidding me? it's like five cents per token. It's not even that much, you know. And it's annoying. So, you have to pay. Only the people that pay gets to see the show which is great because it makes everyone happier, it makes me happier that I don't have, like, over a hundred people that are seeing my show for free. That's what I hate that I feel like, you know, the damage that has been made from shooting adults. We've created these people that don't believe in paying for their pornography and it's hurt the industry so much. So now, slowly but surely, it's moved on to camming as well where they feel like, you know, "If I wait long enough, she's going to get naked at one point, and I'm going to see everything for free." And we are starting. So, if you guys didn't tip, you're not going to be able to see my show. I'm sorry. It's a fifteen‐minute boob worship with coconut oil. Fun, fun, fun. My God, it pisses me off so much. In the five years that I've been in the adult industry, I've never been able to put as much money in my savings account than I have with being a camgirl in one year. But I did it different, I went from being an adult star to crossing over to be a cam model. And I love it. So good. The reason why we are doing this, we got to make sure you appreciate of how great is the business we have. Here in 2016 SW Summit! Make some noise! That's right! I'm Alex. I'm the owner and event manager for AW Summit and AW Awards. I think it's very important because Romania has been for many years and still many years to come has been the leader in content for the live cam industries. Before the AW Summit, I was touring to other country to try to develop a project for the Romanian studios. I felt the need for such a gathering, a convention. The AW Summit is all serious people from Las Vegas to Miami to Colombia and Romania. In general, the people, the studios, this summit in particular, are some of the most serious people in this industry. Coming here I want to meet new talent, new studio owners. Constantly getting the newest best, freshest, most serious talent on your site keeps the product new, keeps us as profitable as we can get, and it keeps our price down. AW Summit is not only the first and the largest summit dedicated only to cam industry, it's also a place where you meet all the people in the industry, you also do business with them, but you also get a personal touch. Typically when you do business‐to‐business. you have an in‐person relationship, you know who you're signing that check off to. Online, you don't know. So, it's really important that we meet our studio owners and we let them know that we're real people. It's really important that we come here and we introduce ourselves to everyone, and build a friendship and a business relationship to continue working together. For me it's something special... I want to attend some interesting seminars, listen to other models and even to studio owners just for self‐improvement, for self‐development. Cam work, cam modeling is in fact the type of work that gives you a lot of opportunities in different spheres of life. From being financially independent to explore your own femininity. These are the times we can raise it to a higher level, like, the quality of the partnerships in the business. Every time we came to AW Summit, and we go back, we feel recharged with ideas, with business opportunities. We're happy that we are part of the industry. Come on baby! Make some mother fucking noise for them! That's right! We love you! AW Summit 2016! Everybody make some noise, yeah! Hello, I'm Rebecca and I am a camgirl for five years already. I am a veteran. I wanted to have a job. I left my hometown I choose this because I wanted to make a lot of money because in my country, salaries are very small. Everyone who is independent feels powerful. I work eight hours a night starting at 11:00 p. m. I finish usually at 7:00 or 8:00 a. m. I was thinking to change on the morning shift to have more time for my life and especially to sleep on nights because it's like a luxury for me to sleep all nights. There is nothing that can surprise me anymore. It's great that I talk with a lot of people and I find out a lot of new stories of their lives. It's really great. I love that. Also, I like the events. I like to have photo shootings, I like to film. It's like being an actress, but another industry. Yes, I love acting, and I hear from people that I have a talent as well. Yeah, it's really nice. I have to act only when they ask for a role‐play. "Be my nurse, be my secretary, be my teacher." It's the only moment when I act. Usually I am just being myself on cam. If I did it the way I should actually do it every morning and not sleep in. I would wake up at 8:00 and start my coffee and do a little working out, and then I eat breakfast and get my makeup on. Then I pick out my outfit and get my whole cam area ready and do my shooting. Well, every day is different. I take it on as I wake up and I see how I feel for that day. Some days, I do masturbate at least like six times, but some days, I only do it like twice. So, it just depends. I would say my niche is just being the girl next door. I like to have a variety. So, I do dress up a little more dominatrix sometimes and I do still do fetishes like that. But I'm more sub. So I really like doing like teases and stuff like that. Guys may want to think that I'm like girlfriend material, but they're aware that I have a boyfriend. So that line has been drawn. Some people still like to fantasize but they're aware. I have cam in the kitchen, like, doing cooking or my lunch breaks and give them a good little angle behind me. My God. Yes. Now you can interact and play with my vagina. And I also do like shower shows. I really like doing oil shows first before I get clean. Yes, I have the most followers on Chaturbate currently. I have over five hundred thousand followers. Crazy to think that that could fill football stadiums. But when I'm behind the webcam and in my bedroom, I'm completely comfortable and don't think about that at all. If you go on Chaturbate or any other cam site and you talk to the girls that are on there, you'll see that most of them are stable, most of them are intelligent, most of them are pretty well business‐minded, good at marketing, stuff like that. They're interesting people and most of them have goals and they're using it as a stepping stone instead of viewing it as a career. People will come in and they'll be like, "Come on guys, tip." And I'm like, "But you're not tipping." That's like going to lunch and asking the guy behind you to pay. That just doesn't work. I get on people. I am very like, "This is how I want to be treated and you're going to adhere to that or not be privileged enough to see me, I'll ban you." I've never heard that camgirls are forced to do it or have a gun to their head. Everybody I've ever seen or talked to from a different country loves it because it's so easy to make money. A lot of times the exchange rate is so much better for them. My niche for camming is definitely hardcore shows and I use unusual toys. I've used a tentacle that lays eggs into me. They can be gelatin or just wooden eggs and they look like real ones. I use all kinds of really huge, unusual things you don't see. I've been doing this so long, that normal stuff are really boring to me. Just always keep people on their toes. I also do moo cow Mondays where I dress as a cow and I moo while I come. That's really a big fetish online. And I sometimes wear tail plugs. It's a butt plug with a tail attached and I have a whole bunch of things like that that I do. The only thing better than having a five hundred token drop is having an orgasm while you're doing it. My mother was a stripper. She's completely positive about sex work. For me, my family doesn't really care what I do with that sort of thing. I've never been raised in a highly religious household, so it's never something I've been ashamed of or felt weird about talking about. Yeah, the mystery remains, because you're not fucking each other. No disappointment. I like to do lots and lots of girl‐girl shows. If I don't like the way I'm being talked to, I will ban a person from the room, but not before flipping them off and telling them to go fuck themselves. Thank you. I'll answer any question anyone has about camming but I will not answer how much money I make because I think that's super disrespectful. I wouldn't ask you how much money do you make, like, what's your income. All my friends know that I cam. I'm very transparent about it now. Initially I was not transparent about camming. I told people mostly that I was a graphic designer because technically I kind of do that shit. A lot of my family, as far as like the younger ones, like my cousins that are of age, they know that I cam. They have never seen me cam, of course. Thank you, love. We had pasta yesterday but I had like two bites because I ate a lot before and I still think about it. I always wanted to ride on the back of a motorcycle like Apollonia and Prince in Purple Rain. They are hot. That's another term that seems to be popular in the cam world, the girlfriend experience. ‐Yeah. ‐What does that mean? Girlfriend experience is just the little things like pillow talk, cooking and telling each other about their day, telling each other that you're proud of them for their little accomplishments in life, you know. Outside of camming, I don't do too much. Probably do the regular stuff, go out to dinner, watch movies, binge on shows for hours, smoke weed. Party, you know, the usual. People don't find camming from Craigslist or anything like that. Camming is something that people do a lot of research on and then ends up loving it. I've heard very few stories about camming gone wrong. I'm here in Cartagena. I'm attending the LALEXPO. Our focus here is meeting the largest Latin‐American studios and pools of models. We want to get new studios, new models using our site. And we also want to hear from the models who do use our site for any issues they're having, any improvements we can make. We like to hear first‐hand from them ways that we can improve what we do best. Less than seven. Put your hands up in the air like this. I need you to follow my hands. When I do this‐‐ LiveJasmin! LiveJasmin! Take it easy. Take it easy. Not that one. It's a little bit too big. I think we could do a cum show. I don't even know what to think about that. I don't even know where to begin. I'm the most comfortable when I have thousands of people watching me on camera. I'm definitely extremely introverted, but I become a lot more extroverted in a sexual atmosphere. That's where I'm comfortable and that's where I'm fine. No, they are not natural. Camming was the thing that has taken so much social anxiety out of me. It's made me confident. When you have thousands of people watching you and you're naked, it's just... It feels great to you, you feel worshiped. It's really nice. I think I would like to be called a performer. Me and a ton of other cam models put on a show for everybody that makes them stay. You're like the cutest person to fuck and kiss. Holy shit. Now you do stripteases, you do cum shows, sometimes you just dance around naked, you're performing. It's like your own TV show. Damn! There's a lot of creativity that comes into it. No one's going to watch a same TV show over and over. So, every time they jump online, they need to come up with something new. I don't think broadcasters get enough credit for how creative and how entrepreneurial they are. It's about friendship. And when you're chatting with girls in cam, it's like you have a professional mentor in some way to help you with all that gray shade in your life. You can talk about anything, work, life, children. Anything about the person right in front of you. We miss you so much! I miss you so much too. Absolutely, I would tell Avery, "I'm losing my sexual attraction with my wife, you know, and... you're the reason why I'm here." AVN years ago was really about pay sites and paid content and recorded content in studios. That's changed. Models now could interact with their fans in real time at a live cam site. That's what fans want, that's where fans are going. And we see it. We see that most fans now come to Tori's shows online, now they have a chance to talk to with her, to chat with her, to find out what's going on in her life. As a camgirl, selling the girlfriend experience is really what it's been about since the beginning. And having a live way to interact with people has taken it to a whole new level in a way that I don't see us ever going back. This is Karen's first expo. So how do you like it? What's your favorite thing? I freaking love it. My favorite thing is basically just being here and just experiencing every single second of it. It's like getting into you camming. and then there is like seventeen guys watching you right there, I feel like, "I forgot there are real people around me." You're just like, "Okay, I guess I'm doing something right." Well, this is one of our biggest cam‐studios. So Jaden and his boys are always kind of like a... like a wolfpack together. Their studio is called Voyeurboys, and their thing is they have like live cams in their house, so twenty‐four hour access to voyeurism to watch everything that's going on in the house with all the models. You can watch them lift weights, in the kitchen cooking or hanging out watching TV. All that stuff, in addition to their cam shows that they're doing on a regular basis on Chaturbate. First time in AVN, what's been your most favorite part? ‐Meeting you, of course. ‐Yay. AVN would definitely be the place that fans could meet me like face to face for sure. And that's the one that I would say every year I try to do. And for me the best part of what I do is obviously like connecting with people. I do have a friend who is in the business. Well, I met her online and I came here to say hi, to give her support, what not. That's my mean reason for coming up. Basically every day after work, I log on and see who's available to talk to. The models as well as some of the other fans in the rooms have become friends. There's a couple fans that show up. I know them from AVN from being in the chat rooms and we go hang out after the exposition and we have dinner and talk about some of our friends and girls. A lot of times you'll see the broadcasters all get together and they share money‐making tips and they're sharing their knowledge amongst each other. So, there's friendship between the broadcasters and then there's also an honest friendship between people in the chat room and the broadcaster. With a cam, it's like you can be yourself without thinking about the risk of being rejected because when you get rejected in cam, all you got to do is turn it off. So, it's just not a lot of risk. Being a site owner, I get to have insight into these relationships that are occurring with other people. Watching the depth of them, watching how they're watching each other sleep, paying for things that you would never think somebody would pay for. I'm about to meet Avery right now at AVN. I'm so nervous right now. She doesn't know I'm here. It's a surprise. I hope she likes me. Truly the relationship, if a model ceases to be on our site, we get complaints, we get sadness, we get crying, we get everything you can imagine, which speaks to the realness of an online relationship. Hi! ‐How are you? ‐Good, how are you? Wow! You look absolutely gorgeous. We want to let everyone know that it's real. It's true. Yeah, real life, real time, real sex. It's awesome. - You are real couple. - Yes. - Yeah. - We really love each other. Porn fans are looking to get off, jerk‐off, go about their day. Cam guys are looking for like an online relationship. ‐I've been looking forward for this moment. ‐Yes! Totally. How have you been? When did you get here? ‐I know. ‐No, when did you get here? ‐Just like an hour ago. ‐Okay. I was actually so nervous meeting you. I know of three marriages that came off of Chaturbate. It's cute stories like that that we love. You know, things like that do happen. The cam companies are the main sponsors of the event. They're doing that because that's where the fans are, that's where the money is. This show is about cam. It's about live cams. It's about live adult content. This is the future and the future is now. Camming means to be empowered. It means to be in control. It means to be somewhat of a therapist. It means to be a customer service superstar. It used to blow my mind that somebody would get on cam with her for four hours to talk with her. Used to blow my mind. I think society has gone to a place where we all feel very disconnected... Lonely. And I think that's a big reason why the webcam world is getting bigger and bigger. And I think you're going to see more of that happening. I have no idea where the cam business is going to take us. I think it'll be a lot different than people expect and a lot bigger part of life than people expect as well. They are not going there to see naked women. That's the most fake thing that people believe outside the industry. Members are entering a live chat site to see naked women. No. There are tons of tubes for that. They go there because they need joy in their life. They need somebody that will bring them happiness. And this is a live cam model. They deliver happiness. And they need all our respect and admiration for that. You know, people have this misconception that cam is all about sex. And it is most of the time. But there's also, you know, your core group of people that you have that you webcam every single day with and you've become friends with these people and you talk to them about what's going on in the world. I always teach the girls to be themselves, to be original. Because looking at any camsite, most of models are trying to copy other models that they think they are better. Maybe they are. But in most cases, maybe they are not better than them. But when you are trying to replicate something to fake something, it could not be the best option. Real girls wear real emotion. And I think live chat in general is about that. Just be yourself. It's very a common advice, but it really works. If you're an interesting person, you will grow in popularity. Learning, promoting myself, parties with my girls and seeing all the people in this industry is really amazing, interesting. Beautiful. Very amazing how you can become a star in like hours. I like seeing them enjoying and seeing themselves as stars. So, I think that's the best. For me, this is what it means. This site is called Chat or Bathe. So, you have the option to chat or bathe. And I know most people will have the idea, they're horny, they want to go there. But then after they've enjoyed themselves, they want to maybe stick around and be entertained. Even the fact that we can cook freaks people out. ‐Yeah. ‐"What, they cook'" ‐"My God, you're a human being." ‐Yeah. - Holy shit. - "She's walking her dog." ‐Yeah. Actually that's true. ‐It's little things like that. And so they feel that connection. It's been two and a half years and my family doesn't know. And that's something that I struggle with every day. This is where my greatest success comes from. And when I have financial achievements or just any kind of business achievement, the first thing you want to do is tell mom and dad because that's incredible. It's hard. And that's... a decision that I think I'm going to have to tell them. And I know that. It's something that's inevitable and I'm honestly sad it hasn't happened yet. But it's going to have to.