I already told you, I don't know anything. Please don't. Your name? I already told you, Brigitte. Your real name. Brigitte. Liar. I swear on my mother's life. In other news, Nazi forces now occupy, Poland, Austria, Denmark, Norway, {\an8}Czechoslovakia, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, {\an8}Yugoslavia, Greece, and Northern France. Hitler is now poised to cross the English Channel. I told the gentleman's parents it was a car crash, no survivors. They were only there six weeks. The Germans are locating our signals faster than anticipated, and there was a slip up. One of the agents was carrying British cigarettes. We're all such bloody amateurs. {\an8}Ms. Atkins they're waiting for you. Mornings always get away from me. This is a rudimentary operation, {\an8}there's hardly any intelligence to go on. {\an8}She arrives. We need to talk replacements. I want you in charge of recruiting some ladies. What happened? I thought everyone was opposed. Well, we went to Churchill, he growled a bit, but he agreed women will be more inconspicuous. Then he said, "Good luck to you." Would you train the women like the men? We can't afford to scare them off. They're civilians, not soldiers. I have no idea of what they're getting into. Let's prepare them. Don't you think? Ms. Atkins, make sure they're pretty. For you or for the Germans? Churchill has asked us to create a secret army of spies. I find the ladies ref section, France. I can be ready for training next week. Good. Excuse me. Hello, I'm Vera Atkins. May I speak with you? Yes. United States embassy, how may I help you? Virginia, this just arrived. Dear Ms. Hall. Thank you again for your interest in becoming a diplomat. Due to your condition, it will not be possible for you to qualify. Friends having a party tonight. I can't. You look like you could use a proper drink. With the Blitz over I was hoping. But things are still a bloody mess and now with the refugees. We certainly don't need anymore Jews here. Well, Jews aren't really safe here either, are they? More gin anyone? Actually, I'm a whiskey man. The British would never let the Germans waltz in like that. I can assure you, the French are solid as a waltz. I was there, I drove an ambulance in Paris before the surrender. It's worse than the press reported. Perhaps. I plan to go back. You can't. Watch me. We must get those bastards. I don't believe we've met. Vera Atkins. Virginia Hall. Dear President Roosevelt, I'm writing to inform you of disturbing discriminatory regulations in the US Foreign Service. I am more than qualified to be a diplomat. You should understand that disability doesn't mean. No umbrella? Never. Tea or scotch? Scotch would be lovely. Please sit. I'll get the chair wet. Don't worry. I've been thinking about you. I got a little carried away at the party, the gin. Here you are an intelligent woman who, I imagine, could live quite comfortably in America. What brings you here, Ms. Hall? Ever since I can remember, I've wanted to be a diplomat. I've been working here for years; Italy, Turkey, France. I fell in love with the people, languages, and I'm certainly not going to turn my back on Europe now. If only more Americans felt that way. Why aren't you married? Why aren't you? I have a missing friend? I'm so sorry. A terrible verdict for anyone, don't you think, missing? Do you have a fellow? I had an accident, gangrene set in. He didn't think it was terribly romantic. Depends on who you ask, I suppose. Let's be straight with each other, shall we? Sure. You and I both know that America will never hire you to be a diplomat, so I'd like to invite you to try out for a club you can join. A club for women like you who have lived in France, know the language, and are passionate about stopping Hitler. Who are you? Rumor has it you are the best wireless operator in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force. Thank you. I believe it's because I play the harp and the piano, and signaling is like music. There is a rhythm to it. Indeed. Noor, why did you join? We all have to play our part. What is your part, Noor? Sorry? You were born in Russia to an American mother and an Indian father who was Muslim. A descendant of last Mughal Emperor, I understand. Yes. My father was a founder of the Sufi order in the West. >and that is? Sufism is an Islamic spiritual path towards God by the means of peace and truth. As are you, correct? A lover of peace and truth. Of course. So why is this war your fight? Because I am a British citizen and I grew up in France as my home. I cannot just stand by and let the Nazis do what they're doing. Is that all, Noor? Well, actually, I also wish that an Indian would win high military distinction in this war, because if a few of us could do something brave in the allied service, it might bridge the gap between the Indians and the British. Now I understand. Noor, I called you here today because I would like to invite you to try out for a club unlike any other. Welcome to my Scottish country home. Not the type of place the Nazis would expect to be a spy training center, is it? Don't get too comfy, many of you won't last a week. Now, what is the SOE? Affectionately, we call it our new ministry of ungentlemanly warfare. Here, we will train you in sabotage and subversion. Those who excel will go to France as spies. The rules, you've been given code names. Do not disclose your real name to anyone here. Each team's mission: acquire information, build resistance, and set France ablaze. Not at all indepliable As I said, ungentlemanly warfare. Get used to lady spies. Noor, come over here. What do you think, do you think you can do that exercise over there? Yes, ma'am. Good. Let's show these boys how this war is won. Yes, ma'am Go ahead. Two moves. Come on. What's the matter with you. That's it. Remember we only have 120 seconds then we've got to get out of there. Yes. > > What are these bits going? Yes. The aerial terminal. That's not the aerial terminal. That's the aerial matching. I was using the aerial terminal down there. Here? Maybe its that one here. The mains battery. No, you're right. There'll be many people from across Europe aiding in the resistance in France, amazing people from Poland, other parts of Germany, Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia. Slice, slice, stealth from behind. Move their head back, slice. You. Learn to be quick, confident, and when necessary, ruthless. Goodbye. Yours will be a lonely courage, but make no mistake. Intelligence you gather, the sabotage you set, the locals you recruit to resist will change the course of this war. I can't even lift my radio. And frankly, I cannot lie. I make a miserable spy. I wonder what my father would think if he knew my path led me here. A pacifist and they are teaching us to kill? They are training us to survive. Here is Cuthbert, he's lighter? That's heavy too. You named him. Figured he was going to be with me for the rest of my life. He may as well have a proper name. Saint Cuthbert was a soldier and a healer, a performer of miracles. My father, he witnessed a lot of miracles. Your father would be proud. She's a princess for God's sake. Very pretty, don't you agree? She's a pacifist Vera. She writes fairy tales for children. Have you read her training reviews? Childlike, a daydreamer. She's good at her job. That's what matters. She won't last six weeks. These women aren't easy to find. Now, would you suspect this girl's a spy? I'll think it over. The wireless job is the most risky. Who's next? Virginia is American. But has lived in France. Athletic, captain of her basketball team at Radcliffe, head of the drama league at Barnard, studied in Paris and Vienna as well, comes from a wealthy family with a passion for traveling and hunting, just like her father. Interesting. What's she doing here? Building a resume with consular because she wants to be a diplomat. I didn't realize the Foreign Service hired female officers. There are a few, but she just received a rejection letter. Her training reports are improving. Although Virginia lacks appreciation for her own limitations, she is resourceful, a leader. America isn't in this war. We could set her up as a journalist. There's a contact at the New York Post. Her press reports can tell us what's going on without setting off alarms. Genius. Always knew your talents are wasted as my secretary. Good Lord Vera. She has a wooden leg. Jesus Christ. It's only from below the knee and besides it's the perfect cover. No one will suspect a pretty American reporter with a limp of being guilty of anything. Progress Virginia to the next level of training. God help us. That was impressive. Come on. Maurice Buckmaster, head of F section. Apologies for the surprise. This is the only way to assess our agent's ability to withstand torture. The Gestapo won't go easy on you just because you're a woman. I don't plan to go easy because they're men. Miss Atkins has suggested putting you into unoccupied territory as our first female field agent. I know your training isn't quite complete, but we need people on the ground so I'm inclined to give it a try. If you do decide to join us, we assess the odds of you coming home at no more than 50 percent. Take a moment, consider our offer. Yes. Welcome to the Baker Street Irregulars Virginia. Operational name, Bridgette. Now a warm bath and a hot toddy. We don't expect you to partake in all of the usual fieldwork. I can. Your mission is to create a hub in Central France to support agents with money, safe houses, whatever they need. F section needs organization. One moment. American. Good. This will help you stay alert. They'll also help with the pain. Use in moderation, you take too many you'll pass out. Virginia, we're desperate for information about life in France. Our spies are dying without it. When you get to Lyon don't be fooled. Even in the unoccupied zone, people are desperate. Common folks are becoming collaborators. Militia police are dominated by the Nazis. Good. Passcode Passcode response Your response Exactly. He's part of local resistance. He speaks English well. Good. Stay detached from all agents. Feelings confuse decisions. Agent Alfonse is already on the ground as his wireless mark. More will follow as you build your network. Keep this with you at all times. What is this? Cyanide. A more dignified end than the Gestapo will give you. Dr. Chevain. Follow me. Bridgette. I'm a doctor I don't presume to know how these things are done, but we have a situation. What is it? My friend is hiding one of yours in a basement. He got caught on the webbing of the spy ship on his landing this time. Leg is shut out. Jesus. Can you fix him? It's too serious. You'll take me to him tonight. Of course. After my last patient. Thank you. He tapped on my door in the middle of the night. He dragged himself here. Bless his soul. It is not safe for him to stay much longer. Thank you. Be careful on the stairs How is he feeling? You've something to say? I think we need to get you to a hospital. Yeah, and say what? I fell out of a tree? You need medical attention. Here. If gangrene sets in- - I'm not going to a hospital. We both know it's out there. The risk of getting help here far outweigh the possibility of gangrene. Just get a message to the Wireless. London has to find me a way out. I don't know where Wireless is. What do you mean you don't know where he is? I just got here. It could be days before my courier makes contact and I can pass along a message to Wireless. Jesus. What do you think we should do? Get you out. That's what. ...cruel violence is spreading throughout the German occupied Europe. The crime of Hitler, the crimes cannot be tolerated by our beloved country. One moment! Merci. One moment please. Your letterbox address? Yes. Dr. Chevain's, that message drops. We have an injured agent the next taxi center we can't just drop the parachute. It has to land. 02:00 PM, restaurant Aubergine. Meet Alfonse. Bring newspaper. Gin, please. May I borrow your newspaper? I left mine on the bus. No alcohol is allowed today, madam. You ordered a gin. I apologize. I've just arrived. I don't know the rules yet. Your papers. I'm a reporter for the New York Post. What day did you say you arrive, madam? Tuesday. Effective as of Monday there is a new law. Alcohol is forbidden on Sundays. Now you know. Merci. All right. Alfonse. Bridgette. Let's go. Come on. There are informants everywhere. We just want to keep our families safe. I understand. Sitting on the sidelines seems safe. {\an8}You doing nothing is what the Germans are counting on. What can we do? Resist. Your friend told us that you might be willing to help. Thank you very, very much. Jean will meet you tonight to print two thousand copies. I’ll take care of it. Distribute these amongst the workers. When I arrived, I didn't expect to see so much despair. Farmers must deliver punishing quotas of their produce to the Germans. People are hungry. I got my ration card and found that I'm allowed only 10 ounces of bread a day and two ounces of cheese per week. No rations of spaghetti, rice, or chocolate. The French laws keep changing. No alcohol is allowed on Sundays anymore, and the latest, women are forbidden from buying cigarettes. The most concerning news, Jews are now required to register with the government. We've got an injured agent. The next flying plane needs to land. Brilliant. I'll let them know. Brilliant. I'll let them know. Brilliant. I'll let them know. Buck, wake up. Bloody hell. He's one of our most valuable assets. Tell Virginia to provide landing coordinates. Right. Buck, go home. I'll stay. Go and see Anna and the children. No. No holidays, no weekends, no time off. Can't afford to let anything slip. Come on. Right. I mean, for landing strip's too short. It's just shy of 400 yards. It can be done. Technically. It's pretty stupid to try. If we don't try, he dies here. I know. All right, the plane can't be on the ground longer than 10 minutes. We'll do it in five. Landing coordinates, Virginia found us a field. Thank God. Mark was late and he left out the first part to his core site. Code mutilations happen everyday miss Atkins, I don't see why you feel the need to babysit the signal and that's Leo's job. It could be a warning. What if Mark is being controlled by the Germans? Yes, and it could be another signal interference. Look, a valuable asset is dying. We need to get him back and fixed. You have the moon tonight, we can't wait another month of sending a bloody plane. If we are already sending a plane, we need more wireless operators in action. We don't have many to choose from. Send Noor. She transposes messages in record time. We haven't given her the final level of fuel trading yet. She'll be fine. She needs more. Are you kidding. I've finally put aside my reservations on that. Still Buck, I think that we still. Goddamnit. I didn't ask what you thought. The plane leaves tonight and Noor is on it. Prepare her miss Atkins. Why do you keep her in the room? She's smart as a whip, and her attention to detail is incomparable, nothing is too much trouble for her They're all rumors. Meaning? I thought her name is fake. That she's a Romanian jew. Plus her accent is off. Miss Atkins grew up abroad. She was put through the calls just like you. We found no traces of anything suspect. She was very helpful to British Intel before the war and she came highly recommended. All I'm saying is not everyone around her trusts her the way you do. Tea? Yeah. You know I've been telling you that I've been training to go abroad? I have to go tonight. Why? Where are they sending you? You know we're not allowed to talk about it. But mom, we knew this was going to happen, didn't we? Please don't go, your family needs you here. I need your understanding. I have to do something. You remember the Sufi saying? Don't you know yet, it's your light that lights the world. Yes, that's why I must go. Here. You do think of everything, don't you? Message us as soon as you arrive and make sure you change locations often. So that they don't locate your signals. Yes, ma'am. This is your wireless. If you have any doubts, tell me now, there are ways to help the war effort here. No, ma'am, I'm resolved. I can fight, my resistance is not motivated by hate. Good. That's a beautiful pin, it's a lap wing, isn't it? Yes. Here. No, I couldn't. No, you must. Our first female wireless. Congratulations, Madeline. Liberte!. Good luck to you. Hello mama? Hello darling. Yeah. Missing soldiers turn up all the time. We've been here through long holiday. This feels dangerous We are here now, seen it through. I got this. Madeline. Bridgette? Come on. Raul. Go. Run. This is Madeline. Quickly let's move. You okay? Yes. Just a night or two. I'll find another safehouse for us soon. Are you warm enough here? Welcome Madeline. May we speak? I’m not interested. The New York Post. May we speak? I need a safe house for our agents and the police will never look here. We cannot accommodate additional guests. I can barely feed our nuns as it is. What if I could find extra food coupons? Then we could find homes. Bridgette reports the morale here is low. Nazi spies everywhere. Recruiting. Send more funds. Yes? We identified an illegal radio signal from your home. I don’t have a radio. Please, come in. - I know he is here - May I offer you something to eat? I need to talk to you about something. I'm headed to lunch. You need to eat. I insist. Come. As of late my new patients have become a lot more interesting. I have no place for Madeline tonight. Do you have any more friends who might be sympathetic? An attic? A basement? I have a basement. Since I'm doing a favor for you, I expect something in return. Okay. You need to see someone about your limp. It's not a limp. It's a wooden leg. Oh, I thought maybe you, you hurt it on your way into France, in parachute landing. How did it happen? Do you mind? I guess the question is do you mind? We're eating. I'm a physician, strong stomach. My family summer home is on a farm. I love to hunt. I went out with some friends to hunt birds. I'd even brought my father's favorite shotgun, barrel pointing down as I was taught to do. There was a wobbly fence. Gangrene was setting in and a decision had to be made. I was unconscious, so the doctor made it for me. That's devastating. First, I thought maybe I'd get my leg back somehow, but we all know miracles don't happen. You may talk and I may listen and miracles might happen. Hemingway. There's always a little room for dessert. I have contacts too. A little gift. A bit of soap. That bad? An exposition about the Jews being evil. Don’t believe this propaganda madam. The Germans are the enemy... not the Jews. I've never seen so much hatred. The Germans control what the French read and hear. False information is everywhere. The latest, an anti-Semitic exhibition. There are lines down the block to see it. I didn't think I'd get caught so quickly. You'll be safe here. What do you think? It's perfect. These here are where the antennas are setup. It's easiest to get a signal. Don't message where you sleep anymore. If you run out of time, sign-off without your security check. London will figure it out. I’m a new patient. For Dr. Chevain? No Dr. Benoit. Father Robert Alesch. Your sermons are legendary. We can’t stand by with our arms folded. Indeed. I’m looking for Brigitte? Do you have a message for her? I need to see her. I’m sorry, Father, but... I apologize for the inconvenience. Perhaps you can return another time? I can’t promise, but I’ve heard Brigitte might be in town. There is a double agent in Bordeaux. All my contacts have been arrested. Who knows if any of them have talked. I need protection, a disguise and money to rebuild a network. I’ve heard about Brigitte. If you see her, please... I’ll pass along the message. It’s urgent. I understand. I don't trust him. He's a resistance, right? Did you hear his accent? He grew up near the border, his accent is common. He's a priest, famous for his anti-Nazi sermons. I've never heard of him. He needs our immediate help. I will ask Madeline to check with London. If they vouch for him then No. That will take too long. In the meantime, he may be caught and murdered. Raul, I'm the one responsible for the safety of every man and woman who walks in that door. It's my call to make. I see. If you'll excuse me, I have work to do. This one is positive too. Thank God for Father Alesche. A local vicar working with resistance who provided us with a safe house. Right. Good. I heard we are going to war with Hungary, Finland and Romania. Everyone, one moment. Someone at the top said, no. Why? All I've been told is, "You're not getting your citizenship papers." Because I'm Jewish? My intelligence work will be suspect as a citizen of the enemy. If anyone else here found out. If they do, I will remind them that your intelligence efforts have always been unofficial and not to worry that technically your rank is only that of a secretary. Who is dispensable without British papers. Indispensable to me. Upstairs can be difficult. They're comfortable with things as they are and your secret is safe with me. Now we are the masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. He wasn't done. It's bloody rubbish. My citizenship papers, they said, no. Mama, every time there's a knock on our door, I fear that they are coming to deport me, every time. I thought that we could remake our lives here. I thought it would be safe. On Sunday, December 7th, 1941, a state of war has existed between the United States and the Japanese Empire. We'll overcome this premeditated invasion. The American people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory. Virginia's cover is blown. American reporters won't be allowed in France now. We'll get her a French disguise. She needs to come back and cool off. She doesn't want to cool off. Her leadership skills have exceeded expectations, we need her in the field. But her accent. Will be possible. She was head of the drama league. There needs to be a change in hair. And a new code name, of course. It means strength. Excuse me, sir. Sorry. Which wireless are we going to transfer to Paris? We have lost communication. Still nothing from Stevenson? Send Noor. Mark's been in the field longer and Paris is tougher than Vichy. Women can move about more freely in occupied territory. We have to get this right. Noor goes North. What else did London say? Father Alesche's credentials checkout. Really? Yeah. London said to send him 300,000 francs. You'll have to find him. I left him on his own. On your next get ask London to send more wireless. The passing of information is taking too long. Of course. You know what, I think we should practice a bit more. Sure. Has to have a bit more at the end. Good. It look’s beautiful, doesn’t it? It's the role of your lifetime. We should get you moving. I wish you didn't have to go to Paris. Will you be okay? We'll be here only for a short time, but what we do while we're here changes the course of the future. Boarding Train for Paris! Search everything. Everybody off the train! Everybody off, bring your luggage! We found her! Everybody back on the train! I won’t be long. Arrived. Philomen requests more wireless to support growing resistance in Lyon. Off to meet circuit members at safe house. 8, rue des Archers Safer than a hotel. I like the new look. The 10th of February, 1942. We continue to organize drop zones and distribute cash and weapons to our agents as they pass through our hub here in Lyon. Agents Joseph and Cole were parachuted in safely. Okay, boys. The German torpedo boats are hiding in the main canal. Good good luck in Marseilles. When using a gun, double-tap, torso head. It's good to see you, Father Alesche. Are there more agent I should assist as I rebuild? Use it for your network. Be careful out there.. 10:00 PM This will be helpful. That should be enough for explosives Virginia's report identifies a number of new Nazi supply lines across France. Impressive work. My contacts suspect an ammunition shipment is passing through on its way to Paris. In the center, right? I'm organizing a group to destroy the freight line. The full petroleum targets are now set as planned. switching safe houses, and we'll meet the head of the Northern circuit when I get there. We’ve finally caught you. You must go! It’s too dangerous here! Urgent, Northern circuit infiltrated. Gestapo, on my own, send reinforcements. Get this to Buck Master immediately. It's Rena right? Could you do me a little favor, just between us ladies? Sure. I need to get a message to Madeline and I don't have time to wait for the men. Tell Madeline that I'm working on a way to get her home. Tell her to stay low and to keep moving. I will get her home. Got it? Good. I don't advise making any mistakes. I have a really good memory. Right. What, a woman with a wooden leg? She will slow us down. I’m telling you she cannot do it. It’s not going to work. Alfonse! This is Philomen, head of the hectare circuit, and SOE agents Paul and George, local mechanic, he'll be assisting us with explosives. Thank you. But we will not have much time. The ammunition shipment, it passes with 30 minutes after dark. Perhaps we could get more hands. I can join. No. Women shouldn't be in the field. Yes, they shouldn't, Paul. Certainly not you. There's a lot of running involved. We were all trained in explosives. Who the hell are you to give orders? My orders come from London. Well, we're on the same side, right? Paul, stopping this ammunition shipment will save thousands of lives. My previous job at a French motor companies certainly didn't prepare me for this. There could be many explanations, Vera. Noor's been late before. This new curfew's mucking up everyone's scheds. Your latest recruits have been doing impressive work, and Virginia has been spectacular. You are right about her. Good find. Let's hope they pull it off tonight. If we could derail an ammunition shipment that would certainly be good news. Stop! It’s the police! I said stop! Well, they now have our wireless. No, the most pressing concern right now is George. He hasn't been trained. God knows what he might divulge under challenging circumstances. Christ. George is the mechanic. Can he pick the lock? With what? A wrench. Yes, because they do hand out wrenches in prisons. What if we could hide the wrench in a package. The Geneva Convention allows for humanitarian groups to deliver care packages to prisoners. They check care packages. Including games. If it's an innocent game, what's there to check? This is bloody insane. I could ask Isabella to do it. She's a resistance member who looks charitable. I don't know. We need more time to think. We don't have time, Paul. Yeah, why not. Oh Gosh. What do you have there? Good. Let’s play. It’s for the prisoner, sir. They can have it when we’re done. Put it down here. They're not coming. We're not going anywhere. Let’s pack it up for tonight. But I’ll be back tomorrow for a rematch. Bring her to the prisoners. To pass the time tonight. That’s nice of you. Lights out! Thank God! Let’s go. What is going on here? Is there a problem, sir? What are you all doing past curfew hour? We don’t want to cause trouble. Get on your knees, all of you. Now! Sir, there’s a misunderstanding. Your accent... it’s not from around here. Philomen, get them out of here. Go now. Let's go. Alfonse? Alfonse? You see, He listened to my prayers. We will take good care of them. Remember, they know who you are now. Stay here until I organize a way to get you back to London. But you won't have a wireless. We'll manage. In other news, to keep their war machine going, the Nazis are tightening their grip on the so-called unoccupied part of France. French citizens are now being drafted and taken to work as forced labor in Germany. Noor? Giselle? I thought it was you! Oh my God! How are you? What are you doing here? It’s complicated. You look like you could really use a cup of tea. Yes, that would be lovely. I’m so happy to see you. You can’t even imagine. I’ve been sleeping in alleys for days. I have nowhere to go. Can you help me? I have a family, Noor. If anyone finds out... Giselle, thousands of Jews are disappearing. Now innocent French children are being marked with yellow stars. Aren’t you afraid? Please... for France? A few days. That’s all I can offer you. Not now. Good. Will not return. My transmission's needed. Excited to help rebuild the circuit. the bird has brought me luck. Next message we'll send coordinates for parachute replacements. Bloody hell. Roosevelt’s decision, committing U.S. troops to aid the British in the seizure of French North Africa has culminated in a major defeat to the Axis. Having lost control of the Mediterranean, Hitler’s forces are gathering on the frontiers of Southern France to occupy the rest of France. Klaus Barbie has arrived! I’d do anything to get my hands on that limping bitch’s throat. Distribute these fliers. All over France. Tone it down on those sermons. This is new for me. I wanted to be convincing, Herr Barbie... Do not disparage the Führer’s name! ...so no one suspects anything. My apologies. Your bonus. I paid for both of your whores in Paris, as well. Find me this woman. Philomine. Philomine! What's wrong? They know you are the leader of hundreds of spies. It's only a matter of time before somebody recognizes you and speaks. The Germans will stop at nothing until they find you. You need to take the train South to Perpignon. You need to go now. I'm not giving up. We're not giving up. Good luck. This is the punishment for anyone... who is caught aiding spies and betraying the Führer. Where is she? You are asking me questions and I do not know the answers. Why would she have told me anything? I am a doctor. I am healing people, that’s it. Where is she? I don’t know. This is what we do with spies. Perpignon, si vous plait. Bon courage Merci. What have you done? I did this for you. For you to eat. Move it you dirty whore! Keep moving. I found your notebook. We have all your codes. I'm going to ask one more time, who is she? Loyalty. It’s overrated. Someone in your circuit tipped us off to your friend. Start transmitting as Madeline. Madeline sent the coordinates for the replacement is to be parachuted, but there's a problem. Her code is perfect. So? There's not a single mistake. Well she's good. Yes, but there's always a mistake or two. This one's perfect. What are you saying, Leo? I'm saying the style on this one is different. Her security check is correct? Yes. You're speculating. It doesn't feel right. We're acting on feelings now, are we? What's your opinion? We have a wireless who won't survive alone I don't know Buck it's not clear. Parachute those replacements to her proposed coordinates. We begin here in Perpignon. go inland to avoid the patrols. It's 35 miles across the mountain. From there, you'll need to hover on a train to Barcelona, where you can get a train to Portugal and then a ship to London. Get some rest, you'll need it. Hello my madam. No complaining out of you. She’s heading South... Pyrenees. She’s tried to escape twice. We can’t get anything out of her. Put her on the next van. Yes. Leo was right. They must have Noor's code. What? We parachuted those agents straight into the hands of the Gestapo. The pilot made it back. I didn't want to give up on that. I don't want to give up on any of them. God, what have I done? It's too goddamn late to ask that now, and they deserve more than the two of us sitting here, second guessing ourselves, safely tucked away behind a desk. But what do we have to show for any of this? We will soon have hundreds of agents in the field. Yes, we've made mistakes, yes, things should be done that have not yet been accomplished, but we are getting better at this every day. We must keep trying, we must. Yes. Have we heard from Virginia? Goddamn it. Well done. You did it! Please, be seated. Thank you. A double. To Cuthbert. To Cuthbert. Who deserves a medal, I think. Virginia, I wish we had better news. From what we know the convent was not raided. Everyone else had or was. Everyone? Yes. Madeline, how is she? Her circuit was also a compromised. What happened to her? She's missing. Send me back. You're one of our best, I wish we could. You can. The Gestapo are pulling in everything they can. It would be criminal to send someone as remarkable as you right now. They're looking for you, Virginia, they know who you are. My neck is my own. You know if I'm willing to get a crick in it because there's a war. It is the necks of everyone in your network. Perhaps that wouldn't be the case if F Section did a better job of protecting their agents. We are doing our best and we are all too aware that our best is costing people their lives. That's because there are too many field agents who need to be supported by one wireless. When one wireless goes down, everyone's compromised, you need to train more. That is the problem. We will consider that. Vera, we suspect, Alesche, is the one who betrayed Virginia's team and upstairs has concerns that it was you who checked him out? You know, he checked out on paper. He did, yes. No one suspected he was a double agent. Not me or you. I know but nonetheless they have. Lets not pretend that this has anything to do with my looking into Alesche, who checked out. D-day planning is around the corner and I am done being the unofficial, untrusted part of our team just because I was born a Jew. You want me? I want my papers and proper rank. Next move is yours. Well, those tactics were very effective, French move on. Of course. Vera Atkins, this is William Donovan, Chief of OSS, America's SOE. Your reputation precedes you, Wild Bill. As does yours. All good things, I'm sure. We've spent years working on sabotage and subversion techniques. We know the best way to cut off Nazi access. We want to place small sabotage teams of three agents all over, one wireless each. Surprise sabotaged vanish. Germans won't know what hit them. We have experienced agents in the training facilities to implement the plan, but we need money. We've had no choice but to learn the hard way how to do this, trial and a lot of error. But I think it's fair to say we're experts now. We propose a joint operation, OSS and F Section agents working together, the Americans and the British side-by-side. Your field name should have been persistent, convincing your country to train you as a wireless. Virginia, her real name is Noor. Madeline? Yes. It's beautiful. I have to deliver a letter to her mother. I thought you might like to join me. Of course. When they told me she was missing, I knew what it meant. I hadn't heard from her for so long. Your daughter is a hero. I brought Virginia with me because she was in the field with Noor. I'm so inspired by her strength. She once said to me, "Don't you know yet, it's your light, that lights the world?" All I know is that, no one protected my daughter from harm. LIBERTE This war has left no one unscathed. Look at them, our glorious amateurs. Virginia's experience has been of great value to America. I'm told you are the one I should thank for finding her. I'm sure if I hadn't found her, she would have found us, Mr. Donovan. Just like she found you. True. We're sending her back, ahead of the Jedburgh teams to organize. Now, with her wireless capability, her skills are even more valuable. You did great work with her. Thank you. I look pretty unremarkable, wouldn't you say? Indeed. Shall we? Good luck to you. And to you, my friend