(MELLOW AMBIENT MUSIC) Subtitles by explosiveskull (WAVE LIGHTLY CRASHING) LITTLE BOY: In the land of sunsets, and flying fish, Spouge, and Calypso beats, mystery, and magic. (MELLOW WOODWIND MUSIC) True love is tested. DRIVER: Welcome home sir, madam. (UPBEAT MUSIC) ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ This one for the children that raise up ♪ ♪ Runnin 'bout barefoot foot full of nail chucks ♪ ♪ Girls look good with out the makeup ♪ ♪ Cross the road, making everything brake up ♪ ♪ Peppa sauce for the food for the flava, ♪ ♪ We's play cricket the ball tape up ♪ ♪ No straight drive, bare swipes, no square cuts ♪ ♪ At the match, see the man with the baked nuts ♪ ♪ You can pay your neighbor for a haircut, ♪ ♪ We hear cocks crow when we wake up ♪ ♪ Strictly 246, no vacation ♪ ♪ Proud to be one ♪ ♪ Because I is a Bajan ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing ♪ ♪ In the world ♪ ♪ Raise up the fun ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Check up the heart ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ Raise up the fun ♪ ♪ Check up your heart ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing ♪ ♪ Raise up the fun ♪ ♪ In the world ♪ ♪ Check up the heart ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Raise up the fun ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ Check up the heart ♪ ♪ You can tell ♪ ♪ Where we come from ♪ (DOORBELL BUZZING) (MELLOW LIGHT MUSIC) Get up man. Here. (CHUCKLING) (CHUCKLING) Fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour draws on apace. Four happy days bring in another moon. But oh, methinks how slow this old moon wanes. She lingers my desires. Four days will quickly steep themselves in night. Four nights will quickly dream away the time. Hippolyta, I will wed thee with pomp, with triumph, and with reveling. Tonight, four day mourning time. We jump along the streets all covered in mud and paint. (ANIMALS SCREECHING) MAID: Go, go go, go, go. (WOMEN HUMMING) You do realize there's no water in that bucket. (WOMEN GIGGLING) (WOMEN GIGGLING) Stand forth Demetrius. This man hath my consent to marry my daughter. (PHONE RINGING) This man hath bewitched the bosom of my child, turned her obedience which is due to me to stubborn harshness. Be it so, she will not consent to marry with Demetrius. What say you Hermia? Demetrius is a worthy gentleman. So is Lysander. DEMETRIUS: Relent, sweet Hermia. I am, sir, as well derived as he, as well possessed, my love is more than his, my fortunes every way as fairly ranked if not with vantage. And which is more than all these boasts can be, I am beloved the beauteous Hermia. Why should not I then prosecute my right? Lysander, yield thy crazed title to my certain right. You have her father's love, Demetrius. Let me have Hermia's. Do you marry him? Enough. I would my father looked but with my eyes. No, rather your eyes must with his judgment look. What is the worst that may befall me in the case if I refuse to wed Demetrius? You will forsake all rights to your land and wealth, not to mention your father's love. Therefore, fair Hermia question your desires. My soul consents not to give sovereignty. Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, made love to Nedar's daughter Helena and won her soul. And she, sweet lady dotes, devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry upon this spotted and inconstant man. I must confess that I have heard so much. I have some private schooling for you both. Come, Hippolyta. What cheer my love? Demetrius and Egeus go along. And you fair Hermia, take time to pause and by the next new moon either prepare to wed Demetrius or to lose your inheritance. Demetrius. Ay me, for aught that I could ever read, could ever hear by tale or history, the course of true love never did run smooth. Oh hell, to choose love by another's eyes. Hear me, Hermia. I have a widow aunt, a dowager of great revenue and she hath no child. And she respects me as her only son. There gentle Hermia, may I marry thee? But what of that? Demetrius thinks not so. He only knows what all but he do know. Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind. And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind. And when this hail some heat from Hermia. God speed, fair Helena. Call you me fair? That fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair. Oh happy fair. Oh teach me how you look and with what art you sway the motion of Demetrius's heart. I give him curses, yet he gives me love. HELENA: Oh that my prayers could such affection move. The more I hate, the more he follows me. The more I love, the more he hateth me. His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine. None but your beauty, would that fault were mine. Take comfort, he no more shall see my face. Lysander and myself will fly this place. Helen, to you our minds we will unfold. Tonight, from the revelry I'll fly. And in the wood, a league without a town. We two will meet and turn away our eyes. To seek new friends and stranger companies. Tonight? Tonight. Tonight. MAN: Hermia! Farewell sweet playfellow, pray thou for us. And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius. Helen, adieu. As you on him, Demetrius dote on you. (MELLOW MUSIC) (MEN YELLING) (CHEERFUL MUSIC) (MEN CHATTERING) WOMEN: Morning. He dotes on me. Nice young man. (CHEERFUL MUSIC) $15,000! ♪ Figaro, Figaro, Figaro ♪ (LIVELY CHEERFUL MUSIC) Boy, talent contest come here. What? Grand prize, $15,000. HOOK: That's so sweet! And a trip for two to England. HOOK: We can do that! We can do it. All right, let me come and sit down talk about it, all right? I know what I want to do. (FRIENDS CHATTERING) Well, Romeo and Juliet. Nah, Arabian Nights. No, no, no, no, no, Ti-Jean and His Brothers. FRIENDS: No! We shall perform a play never before seen in Barbados or the world. It shall be called King Jaja and Becca. The Untold Love story of King Jaja and Young Becca. FRIENDS: Oh! The tragic untold story of King Jaja. Quincy, say what the play treats on, then read the name of the actors, and so grow to a point. What she say? She said to hurry up and say what the play about, and who playing what. What can't she ever speak normal English? Now a lot of people don't know this, right? But Barbados was once the home to a Nigerian prince named King Jaja. He was a slave and he worked the way up the ranks to become one of the richest, most powerful businessmen in Nigeria. So you know the Brits had a serious problem with that. They arrest him and bring all kind of false charges against him. And eventually kick he out to Africa. But he came to Barbados and it's there that he met a young sexy girl named Becca. But there's a folk song 'bout it, man. You should know it. ♪ 1892, a king from Africa ♪ ♪ His name was King Jaja ♪ ♪ Came to Barbados and fell in love ♪ ♪ With a Bajan girl named Becca ♪ ♪ King Jaja won't left Becca alone ♪ ♪ King Jaja won't left Becca alone ♪ ♪ King Jaja won't left Becca alone ♪ ♪ What Becca got is what she own ♪ ♪ King Jaja won't left Becca alone ♪ That's it, back up. He fall in love with Becca. But Becca and Jaja have a love affair that was forbidden. So in fear they run away. All you keep hearing is that Jaja gets sick and he died on his way back to Nigeria and Becca was never seen again. Nobody knows what happened. But I feel that they would rather die than to let go of true love. It got to be an important story, otherwise would they write a song about it? Now, we can do a play about it. Yeah, man. Yeah. Just like Romeo and Juliet. Bottom. Ready. You name the part what I'm for and proceed. You Bottom have been cast as the lover King Jaja. A king? I am to play a man? (LAUGHING) Well, that will ask for some tears in the true performing of it. If I am to do it, let the audience look to their eyes. I will move storms. FRIENDS: Hmm. Ah, but he was also a brave soldier. (IMITATING GUNSHOTS) Idiots. You will play Becca. (LAUGHING) You can't make me play a woman. Look, I'm growing a beard. Well, wear a mask. And try to make your voice as high as it can go. I will play Becca's father. Sinker, you are the steel donkey. Hee haw. You got your lines written down? Because I think I'll start learning for early. Man, look, you can improvise the whole part. It's nothing but neigh. Let me do the steel donkey too. I will neigh that I will do any man's heart good to hear me. Bottom. Neigh. Oh, shoot. Bottom. You can play no part but the king. For Jaja is a sweet faced man, a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day. A most lovely and gentleman like man. You the only one who can play King Jaja. Well, I will undertake it. Yeah, all right. Come. Meet me in the forest outside the village beneath the bearded fig tree. That's the best place to rehearse. These people too malicious. Am I right? (LIVELY CHEERFUL MUSIC) ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore ♪ ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore ♪ ♪ Down by the wharf when Jaja stepped off ♪ ♪ Many Bajans came out and you could hear them shout ♪ ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore ♪ ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore, oh ♪ ♪ And Becca tell he I don't come free ♪ ♪ If you want to have your dream, make me your queen ♪ ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ For ere Demetrius looked on Hermia's eyne. And hailed down oaths that he was only mine. (LAUGHING) Come on! I will go tell him of the lovers troth. Then will he up straight and pursue them both. By this means seek I to enrich my pain to have his sight thither and back again. (MYSTICAL MUSIC) (LIVELY MYSTICAL MUSIC) (HISSING) (BIRD CROWING) (UPBEAT PERCUSSION MUSIC) You are that shrewd and knavish sprite called Robin Goodfellow. I am that merry wanderer of the night. I jest with Oberon and make him smile. And I serve the fairy queen to dew her orbs upon the green. The king doth keep his revels here tonight. Take heed the queen come not within his sight. For Oberon is passing fell and wrath because that she as her attendant hath that lovely boy, stolen from a mortal king. She never had so sweet a changeling. Oberon, and here is my mistress. Would that he were gone. (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC) (MELLOW WHIMSICAL MUSIC) (WHISTLING) (TENSE MUSIC) Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. Jealous Oberon. Fairies skip hence I have forsworn his bed and company. Tarry, rash wanton. Am not I thy lord? Then I must be thy lady. Why should Titania cross her Oberon? I do but beg of thee a little changeling boy to be my henchman. Your heart at rest the fairy land buys not the child of me. His mother had oft worshiped the same moon and in the spiced Indian air by night, full often hath she gossiped by my side and sat with me on blessed yellow sands marking the embarked traders on the flood. But she, being mortal, of that boy did die. And for her sake, do I rear up her boy and for her sake, I will not part with him. Well, go thy way. Thou shalt not from this grove till I torment thee for this injustice. Fairies away. We shall chide downright if I longer stay. My gentle Puck. Come hither. Fetch the flower. The juice of it on sleeping eyelids laid will make man or woman madly dote upon the next live creature it sees. I'll put a girdle round about the Earth in 40 minutes. ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ I am, I am, I am, I am ♪ ♪ I cross the oceans and I like the mountains ♪ ♪ And I fly the winds on high, I am the bright blue sky ♪ ♪ I swim the seven seas, I am the morning breeze ♪ ♪ Whispering to the trees ♪ ♪ I am she, I am she, I am she ♪ (MELLOW MYSTICAL MUSIC) Sing me now asleep and let me rest. (MELLOW WOODWIND MUSIC) ♪ Get to work ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Time slipping away now ♪ ♪ And I ain't get enough drinks to drink ♪ ♪ I ain't get enough gal to wine, gal to wine ♪ ♪ Sleep in me mind is played out ♪ ♪ I on the road and not in me bed ♪ ♪ I gone sleep enough when I dead, dead, dead ♪ ♪ I am the CEO of the jamming company ♪ ♪ All the people you see working work for me ♪ ♪ I am the CEO of the jamming company ♪ ♪ If you on the job start working right away ♪ ♪ I'm fine, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Let me jam, jam, jam, jam, jam ♪ ♪ Fine, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Let me jam, jam, jam, jam, jam ♪ ♪ Fine, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Let me jam, jam, jam, jam, jam ♪ ♪ I'm fine, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ♪ ♪ Let me jam, jam, jam, jam, jam ♪ ♪ Till the break of day ♪ ♪ Till the break of day, till the break of day ♪ ♪ Till the break of day ♪ ♪ Till the break of day, till the break of day ♪ ♪ Every man to a woman, pair up, pair up, ♪ ♪ Pair up, pair up ♪ ♪ Every man to a woman pair up, pair up ♪ ♪ Pair up, pair up ♪ ♪ Every man to a woman pair up, pair up ♪ (TENSE AMBIENT MUSIC) What thou seest when thou dost wake, do it for thy true love take. Love and languish for his sake. The next thing then she waking looks upon, be it on lion, bear or wolf or bull, on meddling monkey or on busy ape, she shall pursue it with the soul of love. And ere I take this charm off her sight, as I can do with another herb. I'll make her render up her child to me. I love thee not therefore, pursue me not. And even for that, I do love you the more. Where is Lysander and fair Hermia? Thou toldest me they were stolen unto this wood. Oh hence get thee gone and follow me no more. Do I entice you? Do I speak you fair? Or rather do I not in plainest truth tell you, I do not nor I cannot love you? You draw me you hard hearted adamant. I'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes and leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts. I'll follow thee and make a heaven of hell, to die upon the hand I love so well. (TENSE AMBIENT MUSIC) Puck, a sweet and graceful lady is in love with a disdainful youth. Anoint his eyes. But do it so the next thing he espies, may be the lady. Do it with some care so that he may prove more fond on her than she upon her love. And look thou ere fore the first cock crow. Fear not my Lord. Thy servant shall do so. Wake when some vile thing is near. ♪ You got to pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them ♪ (SCATTING) ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ ♪ Pull them horse man ♪ BOTTOM: Neigh! MEN: Shut up, Bottom. Fair love you faint with wandering in the wood. And to speak truth I have forgot our way. We'll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good. And tarry for the comfort of the day. Be it so, Lysander. Find you out a bed. For I upon this tree will rest my head. LYSANDER: One turf shall serve as pillow for us both. Nay, good Lysander. For my sake my dear lie further off yet, do not lie so near. Two bosoms interchained with an oath, so then two bosoms and a single troth. And by your side no bed room me deny for lying so Hermia, I do not lie. Lysander, you riddle very prettily. But gentle friend, for love and courtesy lie further off in human modesty. Such separation may well be said becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid. So far, be distant, and good night, sweet friend. Thy love never alter till thy sweet life end. Amen. Amen to that fair prayer say I. Then end life when I end loyalty. (TENSE AMBIENT MUSIC) This is he my master said despised the love lorn maid. And here the maiden, sleeping sound on the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul. She durst not lie near this lack love, this kill courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes I throw all the power this charm doth owe. When thou wakest let love forbid sleep his seat on thy eyelid. Awake when I am gone for I must now to Oberon. QUINCY: Listen to what I'm saying. - Everybody can... - No, you are playing Becca. (FRIENDS ARGUING) QUINCY: I know, but you're gonna play the part. SINKER: I can't play Becca. (FOREST ANIMAL CAWING) (FRIENDS ARGUING) Now according to what it say, King Jaja and Becca used to speak through, through a hole in the galvanize, huh? What? But this ain't dangerous? Man, you gotta think health and safety, Quincy. You can't be serious, man. I know, let Sinker also play the galvanize. - Me? - Oh, yes. Let him hold his finger thus and then King Jaja and Becca can be spoke to each other through that crack. All right, all right, well that settles it, okay. That settles it, let's start. Now King Jaja, you will say your lines first. And then afterwards, you will hide behind the bush. In fact, I want everyone behind the bush when they're not on stage. Dear Becca, I want to bask in the ambulance of your radiance. The ambience of your radiance. Ambience of your radiance. QUINCY: Yes. But what's that? A voice? Wait here, I'll be right back. Go behind the bush, right. Am I supposed to speak now? Yes, yes, you're supposed to show that you understand that King Jaja heard a noise and is going to check on it but he'll be back soon. Most handsome Jaja. No, as Becca. Most handsome Jaja. (LAUGHS) Sorry. I will meet you at the constipation statue. My love for you grows by every second. Emancipation statue. All right, Sinker you missed your cue. You're supposed to enter and say neigh when you hear the word second. SINKER: Oh sorry, neigh. Louder, Sinker. Neigh! Neigh! Neigh, baa. Like this Sinker, baa! LINE: Call the boys back! This is a joke just to scare me. I will walk upon down here and I will sing... that they shall hear that I'm not afraid. ♪ I was once engaged to a lady ♪ ♪ Her love was all for me ♪ ♪ No matter the distance she did live ♪ ♪ It was not trouble for me ♪ ♪ But alas that girl she didn't love me ♪ ♪ And sent me away from she ♪ ♪ And the only thing that bring me back ♪ ♪ Was a cup of that coco tea ♪ ♪ The coco tea is a poison for me ♪ ♪ Every time I drink it, I don't know where I be ♪ What angel wakes me from my flowery bed? ♪ 'Cause she got my head upside down ♪ ♪ With a cup of that coco tea ♪ I pray thee gentle mortal, sing again. My ear is much enamored of thy note. Sing again and dance. BOTTOM: Baa! So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape. ♪ Coco tea is a poison for me ♪ ♪ Every time I drink it, I don't know where I be ♪ ♪ If you want to find me, you got to look for me ♪ ♪ 'Cause she got my head upsided down ♪ ♪ With a cup of the coco tea ♪ Thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me on the first view to say to swear. I love thee. Methinks mistress, you should have little reason for that. And yet to say the truth reason and love keep little company together nowadays. Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful. Not so neither. But if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve mine own turn. Out of this wood do not desire to go. I am a spirit of no common rate. Peaseblossom, Peaseblossom. Hail. TITANIA: Mustardseed. Hail. Your name I beseech you sir? Mustardseed. I promise you. Your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now. I desire you of more acquaintance, good Master Mustardseed. Bring him to my power. ♪ Am I dreaming ♪ ♪ Sweet dreaming ♪ ♪ Am I dreaming ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm dreaming ♪ ♪ I dream of tears that flood the Earth ♪ ♪ Fear and prepare us for rebirth ♪ ♪ We have a purpose to fulfill ♪ ♪ According to a higher will ♪ And I thought I had to much to drink. Are we going to witness a real live donkey show? ♪ Must be dreaming ♪ ♪ Am I dreaming ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm dreaming ♪ Demetrius! Demetrius! Oh, I am out of breath in this fond chase. The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace. We cannot fight for love as men may do. We should be wooed and were not made to woo. Lysander? Lysander? Lysander, if you live good sir, awake. (ROMANTIC JAZZY MUSIC) Lysander, where is Demetrius? LYSANDER: Oh, how fit a word is that vile name to perish on my sword. Do not say so, Lysander, say not so. What though he love your Hermia? Lord what though? Yet Hermia still loves you, then be content. Content with Hermia? No. I do repent the tedious minutes I with her have spent. Not Hermia, but Helena I love. Who will not change a raven for a dove? Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born? Good troth, you do me wrong. Good sooth you do in such disdainful manner me to woo. But fare you well, perforce I must confess, I thought you lord of more true gentleness. Helena! Helena! (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC) Help me, Lysander! Help me, do thy best to pluck this crawling serpent from my breast. Lysander? Alack, where are you? Hermia! (LIVELY MUSIC) Lysander? LYSANDER: Helena? Demetrius! Demetrius? Titania. Wonder if Titania be awake. Then what it was next that came in her eye which she must dote on in extremity? My mistress with a monster is in love. This falls out better than I could devise. But hast thou latched the youths eyes with the love juice, as I did bid thee do? I took him sleeping, that is finished too. Stick close, this is the self same one. PUCK: This is the woman but not this the man. Dog! Out cur! Thou drivest me past the bounds of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him then? I am not guilty of Lysander's blood. There is no following her in this fierce vein. What hast thou done? Thou hast mistaken quite and laid the love juice on some true love's sight. About the wood, go swifter than the wind and fairest Helena look thou find. By some illusion, see thou bring her here. Flower of this red dye, hit with Cupid's archery. Sink in the apple of his eye. When his true love he doth espy, let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky. Helena. Why should you think that I should woo in scorn? Look when I vow, I weep, I swoon, I am torn. HELENA: These vows are Hermia's. Will you give her o'er? LYSANDER: I had no judgment when to her I swore. Nor none in my mind now you give her o'er. (PHONE RINGING) Demetrius? Demetrius. LYSANDER: Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you. Oh, Helena. (ROMANTIC JAZZY MUSIC) Goddess, nymph, perfect, divine. Oh, to what my love to what shall I compare thine eyne? Crystal is muddy. Oh how ripe in show thy lips, those kissing cherries tempting grow. Oh spite, oh hell. I see you all are bent to set against me for your merriment. You are unkind, Demetrius, be not so. For you love Hermia, this you know I know. Lysander, keep thy Hermia I will none. Helen, it is not so. Disparage not the faith thou dost not know. Lysander. Why unkindly didst thou leave me so? Why should he stay whom love does press to go? What love could press Lysander from my side? Lysander's love that would not let him bide. Fair Helena, who more engilds the night than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light. You speak not as you think, it cannot be. Lo, she is one of this confederacy. Have you not set Lysander as in scorn to follow me and praise my eyes and face? And made your other love, Demetrius, who even but did now spurn me with his foot to call me goddess, nymph, divine, rare, precious, celestial? I understand not what you mean by this. If you have any pity, grace or manners, you would not make me such an argument. But fare ye well, 'tis partly my own fault which death or absence soon shall remedy. Stay, gentle Helena, hear my excuse. Lord what fools these mortals be, cha. My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena. Oh excellent. Sweet, do not scorn her so. Helen, I love thee, by my life I do. I say I love thee more than he can do. If thou say so withdraw and prove it too. Lysander, whereto tends all this? Away you land shark. No, no, he'll seem to break loose. Vile thing let loose. (GRUNTING) (GROANING) Oh me. You house hopper. You fartblossom. You thief of love! What have you come by night and stolen my love's heart from him? What? Will you tear impatient answers from my gentle tongue? You yard fowl, you idiot you! Yard fowl? Have you grown so high in his esteem because I am so dwarfish and so low? How low am I thou painted maypole? Speak! How low am I? I am not yet so low but that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. (SHRIEKING) DEMETRIUS AND LYSANDER: Helena! (GROANING) Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me. I evermore did love you, Hermia. Demetrius followed you. For love, I followed him. But he hath chid me hence and threatened me, to strike me, spurn me nay, to kill me too. Why get thee gone. Who is it that hinders you? A foolish heart that I leave here behind. What, with Lysander? With Demetrius. You, mistress all this coil is long of you. Nay go not back. I will not trust you aye, nor longer stay in your cursed company. Get you gone, you dwarf! Oh when she's angry she is keen and shrewd. She was a vixen when she went to school. And though she be but little, she is fierce. Little again, nothing but low and little. Let me come to her. I am amazed and know not what to say. - Helena! - Helena! This is thy negligence. Still thou mistakest. Or else committest thy knaveries willfully? Believe me, King of Shadows, I mistook. Robin, overcast the night, and lead these testy rivals so astray as one come not within another's way. Crush this flower into Lysander's eye, whose liquor hath this virtuous property, to take from thence all error with his might, and make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight. Here will I rest me till the break of day. Heavens shield Lysander if they mean a fray. ♪ If you're ready to Foreday ♪ ♪ We must been oi, oh we must been oi, Foreday ♪ ♪ You bet, we going to play ♪ ♪ Foreday Morning Jam ♪ ♪ It's the Foreday Morning Jam ♪ ♪ It's Foreday morning fun ♪ ♪ Foreday Morning Jam ♪ ♪ Boom, here we go ♪ ♪ Choose a bumper to ride or stand on the side ♪ ♪ You're blocking the action ♪ ♪ Find an action to do and follow it through ♪ ♪ Get bodies in motion ♪ And sleep that sometimes shuts up sorrow's eyes, steal me awhile from mine own company. ♪ Foreday, today ♪ (FOREST ANIMALS TWEETING) On the ground, sleep sound. I'll apply to your eye gentle lover, remedy. When thou wakest thou takest true delight in thy former lady's eye. Jack shall have Jill, nought shall go ill. The man shall have his mare again, and all shall be well. And now I have the boy, I will undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes. And gentle Puck take this transformed scalp from off the head of this homespun swain, that he awaking when the other do, may think no more of this night's accidents, but as the fierce vexation of a dream. (MELLOW MUSIC) How came these things to pass? Silence awhile. Robin, take off his head. Titania, music call. (LIVELY PERCUSSION MUSIC) Now when thou wakest with thine own fool's eyes peep. (LIVELY PERCUSSION MUSIC) (ROOSTER CROWING) (BIRDS CHIRPING) Thank you. (CLEARS THROAT) Good morrow, friends. I pray you all stand up. Pardon, sir. I know you two are rival enemies. How comes this gentle concord in the world that hatred is so far from jealousy to sleep by hate, and fear no enmity? Sir, I shall reply amazedly. Half sleep, half waking but as yet I swear I cannot truly say how I came here. But as I think so it is, I came with Hermia hither. Our intent was to... Enough! Dear Egeus, I know not by what power but by some power it is. My love to Hermia melted as the snow. And all my love is only Helena's. Fair lovers you are fortunately met. Of this discourse we shall hear more anon. Egeus, I will overbear your will, for in the chapel by and by with us, these couples shall eternally be knit. Come, Hippolyta. 'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of. More strange than true. Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, such shaping fantasies as apprehend more than cool reason ever comprehends. When my cue comes, call me and I will answer. Quincy? Hook? Line, Sinker? My God. Stolen hence and left me asleep. I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream past the wit of man to say what dream it was. Methought I was, methought I had... But man is but a patched fool if he will offer to say what methought I had. I will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream. It shall be called Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom! (UPBEAT MUSIC) (PEOPLE CHEERING) ♪ I'm coming home ♪ ♪ Back home to you ♪ ♪ And I know now for sure ♪ ♪ That my wandering days are through ♪ ♪ I look around most every place ♪ ♪ But all that I ever see is your lovely face ♪ ♪ When I came back darling say you'll marry me ♪ ♪ I wanna spend my life with you ♪ ♪ A little band of gold for everyone to see ♪ Has she come home yet? Nobody ain't hear from her. I think she get kidnapped. We can't do the play without her, right? Nope, that would be impossible. There's nobody in Barbados that can play King Jaja but Bottom. Poor Bottom. And she always wanted to go to London too. Where are these lads? Where are these hearts? ALL: Bottom! I have something quite amazing to tell you all. What happened? Later. Right now, we have to get ready for our play. (CHEERING) Dear actors, eat no onions nor garlic. For we are to utter sweet breath and I do not doubt but to hear them say it is a sweet story. (CHEERING) ALL: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Wait, wait, wait. What she say? QUINCY: Man. ALL: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! (FOREIGN LANGUAGE MUSIC) (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) (TENSE ORCHESTRAL MUSIC) Say, what abridgement have you for this evening? What masque, what music? Is there no play to ease the anguish of a torturing hour? Here is a list of the acts that have been prepared. Amazing Grace sung by an Anglican church choir. No, I want none of that. Romeo and Juliet, that's an old device. The Untold Love Story of King Jaja and Young Becca. A very tragical mirth, I shall hear that play. No sir, it is not for you. I have heard it over and it is nothing. Who are the actors? Some poor fisherman from the village and none of them have any acting experience. I know they've worn out their out-of-shape brains to put on this play for your wedding. I shall hear that play. (TENSE ORCHESTRAL MUSIC) (LAUGHING) FRIENDS: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Ladies and gentlemen, our play is called The Untold Love Story of King Jaja and the Young Becca. It is something I made up in my head based on a story that my grandmother told me when I was growing up. To tell you the truth, it could be my uncle now that I think of it. This speech is like a tangled chain. This man in the steel suit portrays a horrible piece of galvanize that comes between the lovers. The lovers are happy to whisper through a crack. My name is Sinker. King Jaja and Becca speak sweet nothings through my hole. - Crack. - Crack. It's the smartest partition I ever heard speak. Oh, grim looked night. Oh night with hue so black. Oh night oh night, alack, alack, alack. I fear my Becca's promise is forgot. Thanks courteous galvanize. What is this? What's the eye? No Becca I see. Cursed thy steel for thus deceiving me. The galvanize methinks being sensible should curse again. No, in truth, sir, he should not. Deceiving me is Becca's cue. She is to enter now and I am to spy through the galvanize. You shall see. It will fall pat as I told you. (QUINCY CLEARS THROAT) Thus deceiving me. Hook. (AUDIENCE LAUGHING) Galvanize, you know I've been waiting on my beloved Jaja and you couldn't tell me he was here? I see a voice. I will now to the hole to spy and I can hear my Becca's face. Becca? Jaja, baby, is that you, my love? Oh, look. Kiss me through this hole, this hole of the galvanize. Wilt thou to the constipation statue meet me straightaway? Emancipation statue, emancipation. Wilt thou to the emancipation statue meet me straightaway? I will have to catch two zedars and walk across Bridgetown but I will come. (AUDIENCE LAUGHING) This is the silliest stuff I've ever heard. The best in this kind are but shadows and the worst are no worse if imagination mends it. The moonlight that King Jaja and Becca meet under. And the evil steel donkey that foils their romantic plans. I am wary of this moon. What he would change? The moonshine will now play the Bussa Emancipation Statue. Well done, statue. Under which the lovers meet. (CHUCKLING) THESEUS: Silence, here comes Becca. Is this the constipation statue? Emancipation! (LAUGHING) Where is my King Jaja? Where is my King Jaja? Sinker. Neigh. Neigh! Well roared steel donkey. Well run Becca. As Becca ran away from the steel donkey, she dropped her scarf which was stained with the blood from the steel donkey's mouth. Bottom. But stay, oh spite. But mark poor knight. What dreadful dole is here. Eyes, can you see? How can it be? Oh dainty duck, oh dear. O fates come come, cut thread and thrum. Quail, conclude, crush, and quell. This passion and the death of a dear friend would go near to make a man look sad. My soul is in the sky. Tongue lose thy light. Moon, take thy flight. For now, die. Die, die, die, die. Die. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Hey, hey, hey! Asleep my love? What dead my dove? Oh Jaja arise, speak. Quite dumb? Dead? Dead? A tomb must cover thy eyes. Oh sisters three come, come to me. Come trusty sword. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Fine tragedy, very notably discharged. (UPBEAT MUSIC) We won! ALL: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore ♪ ♪ King Jaja of Opobo ♪ ♪ Sailing down to the shore ♪ (LIGHT MELLOW MUSIC) The iron tongue of midnight hath told 12. Lovers to bed, 'tis almost fairy time. (PEOPLE CHATTERING) (LIGHT MELLOW MUSIC) This palpable gross play hath well beguiled the heavy gait of night. Sweet friends, to bed. Now the hungry lion roars and the wolf behowls the moon. And we fairies that do run from the presence of the sun now are frolic. (LIGHT MELLOW MUSIC) Through the house give glimmering light. By the dead and drowsy fire, every elf and fairy sprite hop as light as bird from brier. Hand in hand with fairy grace will we sing and bless this place. (ANIMALS CAWING) LITTLE BOY: Now until the break of day, through this house each fairy stray. To the best bride bed will we, which by us shall blessed be. And the issue there create ever shall be fortunate. So shall all the couples three ever true in loving be. And the blots of nature's hand shall not in their issue stand. (ANIMALS SCREECHING AND CAWING) If we shadows have offended, think but this and all is mended. That you have but slumbered here while these visions did appear. And this weak and idle theme, no more yielding but a dream. (LIGHT MELLOW MUSIC) LITTLE BOY: And this weak and idle theme, no more yielding but a dream. (LIGHT MELLOW MUSIC) Subtitles by explosiveskull (LIVELY PERCUSSION MUSIC) (UPBEAT MUSIC) ♪ Dum, ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world, ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ This one for the children dat raise up ♪ ♪ Running bout barefoot foot full of nail jacks ♪ ♪ Girls look good with out the makeup ♪ ♪ Cross the road making everything brake up ♪ ♪ Peppa sauce pon the food for the flava ♪ ♪ We's play cricket with the ball tape up ♪ ♪ No straight drive bare swipes no square cuts ♪ ♪ At the match see the man with the baked nuts ♪ ♪ Your can pay your neighbor for a haircut ♪ ♪ We does hear cocks crow when we wake up ♪ ♪ Strictly 246, no vacation ♪ ♪ Proud to be one because I's a Bajan ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ This one for all who's let the club last ♪ ♪ Then does go wait to catch bus ♪ ♪ For the people who know every Christmas morning ♪ ♪ Dum eating ham cutters for breakfast ♪ ♪ For the girls in short skirts with nuff nuff class ♪ ♪ When dum pass making all the men just cause ♪ ♪ For the people who's wait pun the bread, man ♪ ♪ Sunday's to buy turnovers and jam puffs ♪ ♪ For the ole rum shop, men, with guts plus glasses o'rum ♪ ♪ Making dominoes shuffle up ♪ ♪ Bring another one 'bout day so horns ♪ ♪ Giving way quick and I feel we's get enough ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot, jack up your hand ♪ ♪ If you know you's a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot, jack up your hand ♪ ♪ If you know you's a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot, jack up your hand ♪ ♪ If you know you's a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot, jack up your hand ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing in the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot ♪ ♪ Jack up your hand ♪ ♪ In the world ♪ ♪ Jack up your hand ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Raise up the foot ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go in the world ♪ ♪ Jack up your hand ♪ ♪ You can tell ♪ ♪ Where we come from ♪ ♪ Dum ain't nothing ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot ♪ ♪ In the world ♪ ♪ Like a real real Bajan ♪ ♪ Jack up your hand ♪ ♪ Anywhere we go ♪ ♪ Raise up your foot ♪ ♪ In the world ♪ ♪ Jack up your hand ♪ ♪ You can tell where we come from ♪