We knew early on that the kind of film we were making with Coco would be perfect performed live where we could celebrate not only the movie but also all the amazing music and the talented musicians and singers that were a part of Coco. Welcome to the Hollywood Bowl! I get to stand on stage all night with this handsome man, Benjamin Bratt. - I'm lucky. - Right back at you, Eva Longoria. Looking as lovely as ever. We are honored to welcome you tonight to celebrate our ancestors and our lineage and one of the greatest successes of a beautiful movie that depicts one of our most beloved traditions, Día de Muertos. During Día de Muertos, we believe the spirits of our ancestors will return to be reunited with their families. We create an ofrenda, an altar, to honor our dead. We place offerings there, food and beverage for their long travels. The four elements, earth, wind, fire, and water, are represented on the altar which honors our dead with remembrance. We are here to celebrate those we have loved and lost. And tonight, the Hollywood Bowl will be transformed into the Land of the Dead for a magical presentation of Coco. Let's hear it for Carlos Rivera! Carlos Rivera! In the town of Santa Cecilia. The legend I'm about to tell you was born. Through the threshold of death. Went a dog and a boy named Miguel. It was with the magic from a guitar. He just played it And travelled to the afterlife. He went looking for his grandfather's love. And he wasn't afraid to cross the gates. Amongst the dead he started to look. Where are you? I came to find you. Where are you? We owe ourselves a goodbye I need to hug you. Here I am And you'll see me shine. Here I am In every candle lit. Because death is life. It ignites lights in other places. Take us with you, Miguel! How I wish that those stories. Which are fantasy stories Would come true. Like being able to speak With the ones we lost. And are waiting for us In the afterlife. Miguel, teach us not to forget. Here you are I came to find you. Here you are I know there are no goodbyes. I will hug you again. Here I am And you'll see me shine. Here I am In every candle lit. Because death is life. Miguel, take us to that dimension. Where death is only an illusion. I came to find you Here you are I know there are no goodbyes. Miguel came back and he found out. That only dies. What it's forgotten. Day of the Dead we get from our Spanish and Mexican heritage. From the Spaniards, the religious side of it. From the Aztecs, the ritual. It is such a beautiful tradition to celebrate, not only visually. It's stunning with the colors, the flowers, the costumes, the paint, the makeup, and the singers. It really is about love. Felipe is a brilliant director. His energy is infectious, and from the very beginning, he has been a huge fan of Coco and has wanted to really do justice to it, here on the stage at the Hollywood Bowl. I talked to Felipe very early on about how important it was for me, for the show, here at the Hollywood Bowl, to have the same level of cultural authenticity and respect that we gave to the film Coco. Remember me. Though I have to say goodbye. Remember me. Don't let it make you cry For even if I'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you. Each night we are apart Remember me. Though I have to travel far. Remember me. Each time you hear a sad guitar. Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be. Until you're in my arms again. Remember me. Though I have to say goodbye Remember me. Don't let it make you cry. For even if I'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you Each night we are apart. Remember me. Though I have to travel far Remember me. Each time you hear a sad guitar. Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be. Until you're in my arms again. Remember me. I'm from Spain, right? But I moved to Mexico when I was 22, and I started my career there, and I learned about the Day of the Dead and what it means to Mexicans, and now, to me, it means a lot. We get a chance to visit our deceased and keep them alive in our memories. The night before last I went to your house. I knocked on the lock three times. You are not a good lover. You are a heavy sleeper. Ay, sandunga Sandunga, love is killing me. Sandunga, don't be ungrateful. Sandunga, I'd rather die. Ay, sandunga. Sandunga, mother, please. Sandunga, don't be ungrateful. Mother of my heart. Come on! Come on! Come on! At the Papaluapa's shore I was bathing yesterday. You walked by the shore. And you wouldn't even look. Ay, sandunga. Sandunga, love is killing me. Sandunga, don't be ungrateful. Sandunga, I'd rather die. Ay, sandunga. Sandunga, mother, please. Sandunga, don't be ungrateful. Mother of my heart. Coco, to me, means so much but most prominently, the celebration of a culture that deserves to be celebrated and represented. And also the theme of using music to connect family and celebrate your heritage. Well, everyone knows Juanita. Her eyes each a different color. Her teeth stick out and her chin goes in. And her... Knuckles they drag on the floor. - Those aren't the words. - There are children present. Her hair is like a briar. She stands in a bow-legged stance. And if I weren't so ugly. She'd possibly give me a chance. When we looked for Anthony Gonzalez who originally played the character in the movie, his voice had changed. So we got his younger brother. Taking my brother's place is such a great honor and pleasure. I've never done this, and it's such a dream come true to be performing at the Hollywood Bowl which is such a big stage. And I'm just so excited to be performing tonight. What color is the sky? Ay mi amor, ay mi amor. You tell me that it's red Ay mi amor, ay mi amor. Where should I put my shoes? Ay mi amor, ay mi amor. You say put them on your head Ay mi amor, ay mi amor. You make me un poco loco Un poqui-ti-ti-to loco. The way you keep me guessing I'm nodding and I'm yes-ing I'll count it as a blessing. That I'm only un poco loco. The loco that you make me It is just un poco crazy. The sense that you're not making. The liberties you're taking. Leaves my cabeza shaking You're just un poco loco. Un poqui-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-to loco. Remember me. Though I have to say goodbye. Remember me. Don't let it make you cry. For even if I'm far away I hold you in my heart. I sing a secret song to you Each night we are apart. Remember me. Though I have to travel far Remember me. Each time you hear a sad guitar. Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be. Until you're in my arms again. Remember me. Remember me. Señoras y señores, buenas tardes, buenas noches. Buenas tardes, buenas noches Señoritas y señores. To be here with you tonight Brings me joy! Qué alegría. For this music is my language And the world es mi familia. For this music is my language And the world es mi familia. For this music is my language And the world es mi familia. For this music is my lang... I've always been obsessed with the idea of a one-man-band, to use one person showcasing many different songs, styles, and arrangements and instrumentation by himself or herself with various instruments in a circle. So when I had the opportunity to do that here at the Bowl, for Coco, it seemed like a perfect fit. Magic moments? We call them Coco moments. And we had so many in this project. For example, when I chose the music for the Frida dance, I chose Danzón because it is such a symbolic piece in Mexico. My duet in this performance is La Llorona with Alanna. Which is amazing because Alanna did the original voice for the film. So I'm pretty honored to be performing with her. Mamá Imelda is a combination of all of my favorite aunts, my Tía Lecha, my Tía Flora. They always had red lipstick on at 8:00 in the morning for breakfast time. They were always dressed up in heels and dresses even if they were... even if they never left the house that day. And there was this regality to them, and they loved their culture, and they loved their family. Ay. Poor me, llorona. Llorona in sky blue. Ay, poor me, llorona. Llorona in sky blue. Even if it costs me my life, llorona I'll never stop loving you I'll never stop loving you. I climbed up. The highest pine tree, llorona. To see if I could spot you. Since the pine tree was soft, llorona. When he saw me crying He cried with me. Ay, poor me, llorona, llorona. Llorona in sky blue. - Ay, poor me, llorona, llorona. - Ay, poor me, llorona, llorona. - Llorona in sky blue. - Llorona in sky blue. - Even if it costs me my life, llorona. - Even if it costs me my life, llorona - I'll never stop loving you. - I'll never stop loving you. Even if it costs me my life, llorona I'll never stop loving you I'll never stop loving you I'll never stop loving you. Ay, ay, ay. Hey! Wait! Sorry for that. Say that I'm crazy or call me a fool. But last night it seemed that I dreamed about you. When I opened my mouth what came out was a song. And you know every word and we all sang along. To a melody played on the strings of our souls. And a rhythm that rattled us down to the bone. Our love for each other will live on forever. In every beat of my proud corazón. Our love for each other will live on forever. In every beat of my proud corazón. Ay mi familia Oiga mi gente. Canten a coro Let it be known. Our love for each other will live on forever. In every beat of my proud corazón. Ay mi familia Oiga mi gente. Canten a coro Let it be known. Our love for each other will live on forever. In every beat of my proud corazón. This film celebrates, unlike any other I've ever seen or have ever participated in, family and its traditions and the values of what it means to have a sense of belonging. It's always hard when people pass on. But what the film talks about is one way you can stay connected to those people that you loved, who have made it over to the other side, is to remember them, the importance of remembrance. But then it goes through the journey of Miguel going to the afterlife or the afterworld and trying to find his grandfather, at the same time, telling this really heartfelt story about how important it is to remember and honor our legacy. Remember me. Though I have to say goodbye. Remember me. Don't let it make you cry For even though I'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you. Each night we are apart Remember me. Though I have to travel far. Remember me. Each time you hear a sad guitar. Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be. Until you're in my arms again. Remember me. Let our song never stop beating. - Without your love I cannot live. - Remember me. Let our song never stop beating. Without your love I cannot live. - If I'm alive in your mind. - Remember me. I give you my dreams I hold you in my heart And with you I'll always be. United by our song By your side I'll always be. When you think you are alone. My song will hold you in its arms. Even if we drift apart You should never forget. That I'll always be by your side. Remember me. If you close your eyes And let the music play. Keep our love alive, I'll never fade away. If you close your eyes And let the music play. Keep our love alive, I'll never fade away. If you close your eyes And let the music play. Keep our love alive, I'll never fade away. You know the song! Remember me, for I will soon be gone. Remember me. And let the love we have live on. And know that I'm with you the only way that I can be. So until you're in my arms again. - Remember me. - Remember me. Remember me. Remember me. - Remember me. - Remember me. The importance of Coco is beyond belief because I was privileged enough to voice Papa Rivera in the movie. I play Miguel's dad in the movie. So I worked very closely with Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina. What they did to really play homage to our culture, to the celebration of Día de Muertos, was insane. They flew to Mexico and they went to these celebrations in Morelia, in Guanajuato, in Patzcuaro, and they really, really learned the culture. So when you see Coco, you actually see my culture depicted very accurately of what the reality is when we celebrate this beautiful holiday. All alone la bikina walks by. People start to talk. They say she is in pain. They say she is in pain And pain makes her cry. Haughty, beautiful and proud. She doesn't want their pity. She walks by flaunting her royal grandeur. She walks by, she looks at them But never really sees. La bikina. She feels sorrow and pain. La bikina. She has never found love. Haughty, beautiful and proud. She doesn't want their pity. They say that someone Has come and gone away. They say she spends her nights Crying for him. Mariachi Divas! Haughty, beautiful and proud. She doesn't want their pity. They say that someone Has come and gone away. They say she spends her nights Crying for him. La bikina. She feels sorrow and pain. La bikina. She has never found love. Haughty, beautiful and proud. She doesn't want their pity. They say that someone Has come and gone away. They say she spends her nights Crying for him. They say she spends her nights Crying for him. They say she spends her nights Crying for him. Coco is a film that's all about music and it celebrates music but there actually aren't many songs in the movie. So when we were trying to figure out how to mount the movie live at the Hollywood Bowl, one of the things that the director Felipe brought was the idea of including a lot of songs that weren't actually in the film. So I decided to include some Mexican iconic songs that were already in the soundtrack for Latin America. What it all adds up into is a beautiful celebration, not only of Coco, but of Mexican music and Mexican culture. Ay, caray, caray. My land is so beautiful It's beautiful. It's so beautiful. Ay, caray, caray. My land is so beautiful It's beautiful. It's so beautiful. God made a sarape stitched with sun. And from the sky. He made a charro hat. Then he made. The spurs out of moon and stars. And that's how he dressed my land. Ay, caray, caray. My land is so beautiful It's beautiful. It's so beautiful. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. As if tonight. Was our last night. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. For I'm afraid I might lose you. Lose you later on. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. As if tonight Was our last. Night. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. For I'm afraid I might lose you. Lose you later on. I want to be really close to you. Look into your eyes Have you by my side. Imagine that maybe tomorrow I might be far, far away from here. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. As if tonight. Was our last night. Kiss me. Fill me with kisses. For I'm afraid I might lose you. Lose you later on. It's so beautiful to fly. At 2:00 in the morning. At 2:00 in the morning. It's so beautiful to fly Ay, mamá. Go up and drop down. Into the arms of a lady. Into the arms of a lady I could even cry Ay, mamá. The witch catches me And takes me to her house. She turns me into a flower pot And also a pumpkin. The witch catches me And takes me to the hill. She turns me into a flower pot And also a pumpkin. Tell me, tell me, you tell me. How many creatures Have you taken yesterday? None, none, none, I know. My real intentions are to take you. Ay, I was spooked by a woman. In the middle of the salty sea. In the middle of the salty sea I was spooked by a woman Ay, mamá. Because I refused to believe. The story I was told. The top half was a woman. The bottom half was a fish Ay, mamá. The witch catches me And takes me to her house. She turns me into a flower pot And also a pumpkin. The witch catches me And takes me to the hill. She turns me into a flower pot And also a pumpkin. Tell me, tell me, you tell me. How many creatures Have you taken yesterday? None, none, none, I know. My real intentions are to take you. Go, Mexico! The voice of my guitar. At the break of dawn. Wants to sing its happiness. To my Mexican land I sing to its volcanoes. To its meadows and flowers. That are like lucky charms. From my greatest love. Beautiful and beloved Mexico. If I die far away from you. Let them say that I'm asleep. And let them bring me back here. Let them say that I'm asleep. And let them bring me back here. Beautiful and beloved Mexico. If I die far away. Beautiful and beloved Mexico. - If I die far away from you. - If I die far away from you. - Let them say that I'm asleep. - Let them say that I'm asleep. - And let them bring me back here. - And let them bring me back here. - Let them say that I'm asleep. - Let them say that I'm asleep. - And let them bring me back here. - And let them bring me back here. - Beautiful and beloved Mexico. - Beautiful and beloved Mexico. - If I die far away. - If I die far away. - From you. - From you. Come on! Get up! - Sing and don't cry. - Sing and don't cry. - Because singing, my darling. - Because singing, my darling. - Is what brings happiness to a heart. - Is what brings happiness to a heart. Let's see how you sing tonight! From the dark hill, my darling. Are coming down. A pair of dark eyes. My darling, worthy of keeping. That beauty mark that you have. My darling, right by your mouth. Ay. Don't share it with anyone. My darling, because it's mine. Let's hear you! Ay, ay, ay, ay. Sing and don't cry. Because singing, my darling. Is what brings happiness to a heart. Ay, ay, ay, ay. Sing and don't cry. Because singing, my darling. Is what brings happiness. To a heart