[typing] I hate it when he gets an idea in the middle of the night. A Valentine's card for Valentine's Day. Roses are red, chocolate is brown? Good Grief!! Valentines Day puzzles me, Chuck. If someone gives you a great big valentine, does that mean love, Chuck. Well, It could of course. But actually the size of the Valentine isn't important. How about an expensive Valentine, Chuck? Does that mean love? Oh no, I don't think the price has anything to do with love. Should a Valentine be mailed or should it be presented in person Chuck? I don't think it really matters. Have you been given a lot of Valentines in your time, Chuck? No. I have never received a single Valentine. Well then, what am I talking to you for? I should be talking to someone who's used to getting Valentines. Hey, maybe the kid with the funny nose can answer my question. Hey kid, wait a second. [typing] Dear Sweetheart. That's too impersonal. I think you should call her something more endearing. [typing] Dear Angel Food Cake with Seven Minute Frosting. Your stories are dumb! They don't have enough romance! I've just been reading a very romantic book. The man says to the woman, 'You are breath and bread and water to me.' That's the sort of thing you should write! 'You are breath and bread and water to me,' he said, 'And chocolate chip cookies.' Good grief! [typing] Dear Sweetheart, I miss you morning noon and night. That's too vague! When you write to a girl you have to be more specific. [typing] I miss you at 8:15, 11:45, and 9:36. Good Grief!! [typing] Dear Sweetheart, Happy Valentine's Day. I'd do anything for you. I'd climb the highest mountain, I'd dog paddle the deepest ocean. [typing] Your eyes are beautiful, he said. Shall I compare them to a summer's day? No, even more. Your eyes are like two supper dishes. Be My Valentine! You just gave me an idea. I'm going to make my own Valentine this year. I'm going to cut out some pretty red hearts and then glue lace around them. What I want you to do is type out a nice verse. [typing] Chocolate Chip cookies are red, chocolate chip cookies are blue, chocolate chip cookies are sweet, so are you!! This is terrible!! I can't make a Valentine with that!! Write another one!!! [school bell rings] If I hold my hands out like this you can put a Valentine right in them. Or, you can stand like that for the rest of your life and never get anything!! It feels like it might rain. I'd give anything to be able to talk to that red-haired girl. The amazing thing is that I know I'm the sort of person she'd like. I mean I'm not rough or crude or anything. I'm not the greatest person who ever lived, of course, but after all, who is? I'm just a nice sort of a guy who never gets to meet little red-haired girls. What's this? The little red-haired girl dropped her pencil!! Gee, its got teeth marks all over it. She nibbles on her pencil. She's human!! What's that you're holding? It's a pencil. It belongs to that little red-haired girl. I'm going to stand here till she walks by and them I'm going to tell her how I found it!! I hate to see you go to all that trouble, Charlie Brown. Why don't I just give it to her. Hey!! Here's your stupid pencil!!! Hey! That big kid just pushed down that little red-haired girl. What a bully!! She got up. But look, he's going to push her down again. Why aren't I tough? Why can't I rush over there and save her? Because I'd get slaughtered, that's why. I'm not tough, I'm not anything. [whip crack] I'll take care of him Charlie Brown. [whip crack] You can relax C.B. He won't bother her anymore. That's very comforting. I'm the friend of a hero. What are you writing, Marcie? I'm sending a Valentine to Charles. You can't do that. He'll think you like him. I do. I'm very fond of Charles!! Why don't you sign my name too? Oh sure! Hitch a ride on my Valentine!! [knock] Yes? I may or may not be sending you a Valentine Charles, so I need to know something. Do you like me, Charles? Do I what? I walk all the way over here to ask you a question and all you can say is, "Do I what?". Forget it Charles! Forget what? Got a letter in the mail, eh Chuck? I know you like me and in my own way, I like you too. I think its from that little red-haired girl. She knows I like her and - That's not from any little red-haired girl, Chuck! That letter is from me!! You like me Chuck!! I do? Hi Charles. Remember yesterday when I went to your house? I walked all the way over to ask if you like me. To do what? I can't stand it!! ♪ [classical piano] ♪ Next week is Valentine's Day. Are you going to give me a Valentine? I never have. What makes you think I'll give you one this year? Hope!! Isn't this a beautiful Valentine? Its says I Love you. I think I'll give it to the little red-haired girl. She'll probably laugh right in your face. At least I'd be near her! What do you think? This is a Valentine I bought the little red-haired girl. I want to go over to her house and give it to her. But I think I'd be too nervous to do it without practice. I'll go outside and ring the doorbell and you pretend you're the little red-haired girl, okay? [doorbell rings] I'd better practice how I'll give it to her. Here, little red-haired girl, this is for you. It's a valentine. This is a valentine I made specially for you. Here little red-haired girl, this is a valentine I want you to have. Here little red-haired girl, this is a valentine to show how much I like you. Here, this valentine is for you, sweet little red-haired girl. Here little red-haired girl, this valentine is for you. And I hope you like it as much as I like you. And... [sigh] Hi Charlie Brown. Did you give that little red-haired girl your valentine? I couldn't do it. I mailed it anonymously. [knock] Hey Sweet Baboo, I brought you a valentine. Linus: I am not your Sweet Baboo. Does it have any monetary value? I doubt it. Yes Mam, I'd like to buy a box of candy for a girl who doesn't know I exist. Wah wah wah wah. No mam, nothing too expensive. I'll never have the nerve to give it to her anyway. I'm afraid if I give this box to the little red-haired girl, she'll laugh in my face. Maybe I can hide behind this tree and when she comes by she'll take it out of my hand. Love makes you do strange things!! I think tomorrow I'll just right out and tell that little red-haired girl I love her. Then I'll give her a biiig hug. Then I'll go bungee jumping from the moon! Wouldn't it be great if that little red-haired girl gave me a valentine? What if she came over to me and handed me a big fancy valentine, with lace all around the edges? What if she said to me, 'dearest Charlie Brown, won't you be my valentine? Please? Please? Please?' I'd better go in. I think I'm cracking up. ♪ [classical piano] ♪ I've decided something. For Valentine's Day this year don't give me anything fancy, like candy or flowers. I'll settle for a kiss on the nose and a hug! Or a whole lot less. See the Valentine I made for Linus? On the inside I wrote To my sweet Baboo. He says he's not your sweet Baboo. What does he know? And these are valentines for all the boys at school that I like. And this is a very special one for my sweet Baboo. Does your sweet Baboo know who he is? Oh yes, he knows who he is. Do you see my sweet Baboo standing there? He's hanging around the candy store trying to decide what to get me for Valentine's day. It'll probably be a box of candy shaped like a big heart. Or a big zero!! Isn't he the cutest thing? Look, it's the little red-haired girl! Maybe I should invite her to the Valentine Dance. Do me a favor. Go over and talk to her and say you know me. Try to find out if she likes me. I'll hide here behind this trash can and listen. Hi there. My name is Linus. I believe we have a friend in common. His name is Charlie Brown, he sits across the room from you in school. No, by the Window. Near the pencil Sharpener. No, in the last row. Well, kind of blond, I guess, no, you're thinking of Mike. No, not as tall. A shirt with sort of jagged stripes. No, not John. John is a lot bigger. Sort of a round face. Doesn't ring a bell, huh? No, Brown. Like in town. Just doesn't ring a bell huh? I can't stand it! I just can't stand it! You're being ridiculous Charlie Brown. I can't help it! I can't just go up to that little red-haired girl and talk to her. She has a pretty face and pretty faces make me nervous. How come my face doesn't make you nervous, huh? I notice you can talk to me!! I have a pretty face!! How come you can talk to me?? Well why don't you invite her to the Valentine's dance? Just go ask her right now. I can't talk to that little red-haired girl because she's something and I'm nothing. If I were something and she were nothing, I could talk to her. Or if she were something and I were something, then I could also talk to her. Or if she were nothing and I were nothing, then I could also talk to her. But she's something and I'm nothing, so I can't talk to her. For a nothing, Charlie Brown, you're really something. There's that pretty little red-haired girl. Sigh. I wonder what would happen if I walked over to her desk, put my arm around her and gave her a big kiss? Wow! I've gotta stop thinking like that! Girls like compliments. If you want to impress that little red-haired girl, say something nice to her. You look really cute today! That impressed her, Charlie Brown, she fell right out of her desk. You've got to be more subtle, Charlie Brown. If I wink maybe she will notice me. I'm not getting any distance. Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah. Where are you going Charlie Brown? The teacher wants me to see the nurse about my eye. She saw me winking at the little red-haired girl. She thinks something's wrong with my eye. Did you go to the eye doctor yesterday, Charlie Brown? Yes, she said there's nothing wrong with my eyes, they're fine. Did she tell you to stop winking at girls? She said that's the first thing they teach you in medical school. Yes? Can you cure loneliness? For a nickel, I can cure anything. Can you cure deep down, black bottom of the well, no hope end of the world, what's the use, loneliness? For the same nickel? I just had a terrible thought. What if the little red-haired girl gives me a Valentine and she really likes me? But what if it turns out that I don't like her as much as I thought I was going to?? How could I tell her? How could I break up with her? How could I leave her? You're worried aobut leaving someone you haven't even met? Charlie Brown, you are hopeless. Completely hopeless!!! Maybe I could leave her now, and meet her later? Good Grief! The doctor is no longer in!! Can I help you? I need a Valentine that will impress this girl I like. Then you'll want this super potent Valentine. Potent? It will sweep her off her feet. It'll knock her socks off. Alright, I'll take it. Good. If you come around next Friday you can pick it up. Friday? Why can't I have it now? It's too potent!! There's a five day waiting period. I wonder what I can do to make that little red-haired girl notice me? Maybe if I walk around the room a bit. I'll bet she notices me now. Especially after I get my sleeve caught in the pencil sharpener. If that little red-haired girl sees me standing here with my sleeve caught in the pencil sharpener she'll think I'm the dumbest person in the world. What I have to do is wriggle out of my shirt but still look real cool!! Why do we have to stand in line for everything? What's the hold up? Probably an overturned vehicle. Push him out of there. What's taking so long? I like a pencil with a fine point. I don't think we should bother with the Valentine's box this year, ma'am. I don't think my Sweet Baboo will give me a valentine anyway. Linus: I am not your Sweet Baboo! And how do you know I wouldn't give you a valentine if I were your Sweet Baboo, which I am not? See the problem, ma'am? Wah, wah, wah, wah. Our teacher says we have to have a valentine box, so here it is. It's only for valentines. The opening at the top is not large enough for boxes of candy. If your Sweet Baboo wants to give you a box of candy, he'll have to give it to you elsewhere. Linus: I'm not your Sweet Babo, and you couldn't get me within 100 miles of elsewhere. Alright, at ease out there. Our teacher has asked me to explain how this valentine thing will work. Each student will drop his or her valentine into this box. Please write all names clearly. And now we're down to the last two valentines. This one is for my Sweet Baboo. And this one for the cutest of the cute. Will the persons to whom these beautiful valentines are addressed please step forward. Linus: I went home. This is perfect. I'll just lie here in front of the mailbox wnd watch all of my Valentines come in. I'm surprised that no one else has thought of doing this. Get out of there! How do you expect the mailman to deliver Valentines with you in there?? Sometimes I don't think this was such a good idea. Fortunately, nothing worse can happen. [thunder] Wouldn't it be something if that little red-haired girl came over here and gave me a kiss? I'd say thank you, what was that for? And wouldn't it be something if she said, because I've always loved you. Then I'd give her a big hug and she'd kiss me again!! Wouldn't that be something? Wouldn't it be something if it turned out that french fries were good for you? She's handing Valentines out to all her friends. She's handing them out, one by one. She's handing them out. She's still handing them out. Now she's all done. That was the last one. Now she's walking away. Happy Valentine's Day! Don't give up, Charlie Brown! Why don't you get her phone number and call her and invite her to the Valentine's Dance? I'm afraid she'd hang up on my face!! That's the beauty of calling her on the phone. One ear is not a whole face. Thank you ma'am. There I did it!! Hello? Information? Yes, I'd like to talk to a certain little red-haired girl. No, I already have her number. I was hoping you could tell me something else. What do I say when she ansers the phone? Call her, Charlie Brown. [phone rings] Hello? This is Marcie speaking. Good Grief! I dialed the wrong number!! Is that you Charles? It sounds like your voice. If it is, how have you been? If it isn't what do I care how you've been? Eh, ah, um. I'll bet you dialed my number by mistake, didn't you Charles? I'll bet you meant to call Peppermint Patty. She just happens to be right here beside me. I'll put her on. No!! Wait!! I - Hi Chuck. Finally got up the nerve to call me, eh? I bet you called to invite me to your Valentine Dance. Well I accept. Where are you going, Big Brother?? Well, I finally got up the nerve to call that little red-haired girl, but I called Marcie by mistake, and got a date with Peppermint Patty. I think you're too wishy-washy big brother. It's not a lost art. I'm feeding you early because I'm going to a dance tonight. I'm hoping I get to dance with the little red-haired girl. I didn't know you were coming along, who invited you? How will I get you in?? Hold it right there dude! This is a dance. The dog can't Come in!! There was a misunderstanding, this little kid thought It was going to be a costume ball, so he wore a dog suit. Okay, go on in, have a great time. Hi Charlie Brown, welcome to the dance! Everyone is here. I hope we're not too late. See? There she is, Charlie Brown. There's the little red- haired girl just waiting for you to ask her to dance. I wish I were sophisticated like guys you read about in stories. It's now or never Charlie Brown. I can't believe I'm doing this. I'm walking toward the little red-haired girl. I'm going to ask her to dance. I'm getting closer. I'm almost there. I'm - Come on Charles! Chuck, we've been looking for you. Good Grief!! Charlie Brown, quick, it's the last dance, you've got to. Oh no! She's taken!! Good Grief!! The valentine dance wasn't very romantic Chuck. And I saved you the waltz, Charles. How about a limo, Chuck? We never saw a limo either. How come you fell down during the dance? Don't invite us to anymore dances Chuck. Many a heart is broken after the ball. I note that you didn't send me a Valentine this year. I have the feeling that it was not an oversight. I have the feeling that it was deliberate!! However, if I am wrong, and it was merely an oversight, or if the Valentine that spoke so eloquently of your love for me was lost in the mail, then I want to express my appreciation for the thought! It was not an oversight. It did not get lost in the mail!! I see. Well you know the old saying. What old saying? Rats! [doorbell rings] I've come to see my sweet Baboo. Linus: I'm not your sweet baboo!! I just want to thank him for the Valentine. I never sent her a Valentine. Don't you know sarcasm when you hear it? I dreamed about that little red-haired girl again last night. If I could have had just one dance with her! Now I'll be thinking about her all day and be depressed. I think I know how you feel, Charlie Brown. You'd like to cry but you're too macho. I am? Happy Valentine's Day, Charlie Brown!!!