Thank you doctor for dropping by tonight. I wish I could tell you that Tommy's going to get well by Christmas, but I can't To tell you the truth. I've tried everything possible. I know you have doctor, I just wish we knew what was wrong with him. Tommy's not even interested in his music anymore. His sister reads to him every night, hoping something would snap him out of it. Where were we Tommy? Oh! I remember: The handsome prince was searching everywhere for the beautiful maiden... Gee what a wonderful day! A perfect day for Christmas Shopping! Let's Go! [footsteps down stairs] Dave Wake Up! Wake Up! Only five more days til Christmas! Let's Wake him up with a Song. Wake Up Dave! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas -Time to get up! Everywhere you go -Wake up Dave! Take a look in the five-and-ten Glistening once again With candy canes and silver lanes aglow -Good Morning! Theodore! Simon! Alvin! Yes David Dear? I am fully aware that there are only five more days before Christmas. And three hundred and seventy days until next Christmas! It's a wonderful day It's the greatest - and furthermore! time of the year Time for singing and dancing - you can't just come in here and wake me up and... And time for joy and good cheer Look at all of those presents Just - wait a minute you guys.. waiting there by the tree We hope - Gee that sound pretty... there's one for you And I hope the rest are for me Here goes bells that are ringing Oh, Christmas time is so near It's a wonderful day It's the greatest time of the year Working on Christmas vacation! it's criminal! Oh Come on you guys. It's only a little recording session. It's work! Maybe I'll even let you play your harmonica Alvin. My harmonica! You see Alvin, it's your responsibility to... -Right Dave! We'll share the responsibility. You go on and get the studio ready, and we'll go window shopping. Well that sounds fair enough. Hey! don't be late! The Chipmunks: Dashing through the stores On a chipmunk's skating board Through the crowds we play Alvin: Shopping all the way The Chipmunks: Stockings hung with care Soon Santa will be here What fun it is to shop all day Alvin: When Dave is nowhere near The Chipmunks: Oh, Christmas time, Christmas time Christmas time is here [Elevator ding] Alvin: See that's your very own twin brother. You're the best harmonicas in the whole world On mommy! There it is! The Golden Echo Harmonica. It's the one Tommy wants more than anything in the world. Can't we buy it for him Mommy? Oh I it'd make him feel so much better. I know darling, maybe next year we can afford it. But Tommy'll just die if he doesn't hi harmonica! Don't say that darling! You know how very very sick Tommy is We must save everything we can, just to see that Tommy makes it through Christmas What does that mean mommy? Make it through Christmas? I still don't understand mommy. Make what throught Christmas? Dave: Ready Fellas? Chipmunks: Ready Whenever you are Dave! Christmas, Christmas time is near Time for toys and time Hold it Alvin you're a little flat. Let's try it again.. Hold it Alvin! _ We've been good, but we can't last... Well? I'll tell you what Dave, let's take a break. Take a break? Gee Thanks Dave! Alvin! [Steps] [knocking] [door opens] Mommy! It's Alvin! Tommy, you have a guest. It's probably another doctor. Well no, I'm not a doctor. I'm a sort of delivery boy. Oh hi Alvin!, what are you delivering? more medicine? More medicine? No. You see Tommy, they had this kind of prize contest down at the department store. In the music department. and uh, somebody put your name in. and well anyway Tommy, you won first prize. and here it is! The Golden Echo Harmonica. The Golden Echo Harmonica! Well gotta go. Merry Christmas! Mr. Seville, You're running out of studio time. Well I guess we'll just have to record Alvin later. Ready Fellas? Ok Dave 1-2-3, 1-2-3 Christmas, Christmas time is near Time for toys and time for cheer We've been good, but we can't last Hurry Christmas, hurry fast Want a plane that loops the loop Me, I want a hula hoop We can hardly stand the wait Please Christmas, don't be late [telephone ring] Dave: I'll get it Hello? Oh Hi Mr. Burkheimer. No of course it's not too late to talk business. Oh Yes I intend to follow through with your suggestion. Theodore: Boy Alvin, I can't believe you gave your harmonica away. Me either, but I just knew it would make Tommy feel better. Simon: Did you tell Dave? I can't tell Dave! Dave gave me that harmonica. I'll have to save my money and get another one after Christmas. It's all set for Christmas Eve? That's great! It's Carnegie Hall! You guys are gonna play there for a sold out audience! Gee Whiz! Fantastic! Oh boy! You want Alvin to do a Harmonica solo? Harmonica? But Alvin gave his Ham- How bout that Alvin? Wonderful Dave! Alvin's so excited about it he can't wait! Yeah. now I can't wait until after Christmas to get that harmonica, I gotta make some money before Christmas! Fast! That's the neighbor's dogs. Hey! I got a great idea! Now here's what I want you guys to do. Go up to the attick, then go get the nrighbor's dogs Hurry Hurry!, Get your picture taken with Santa Claus, Only twenty five cents. Everybody ready? Camera's ready and all the reindeer are hooked up. [howl], [growl], [bark], [snort] Okay! Bring on the customers! Okay! Shoot! [Click] [laughter] Just a minute sonny! not so fast What's going on out there? What's all this? We're helping Alvin make money. Alvin! My name's not Alvin, it's Santa Alright Santa, I'd like a word with you and your elves. I'm sorry, you'll have to wait in line like everybody else. Now just a minute. and what's your name little girl? Cindy Lou. What a nice cat you have Cindy Lou. Cat? Cat! [barking] Oh no! Alvin! Yes Dave? You want a word with us? I'd say it's about time we remember how lucky we all are and think about the real meaning of Christmas. You remember that poem I wrote a few years ago? The Spirit of Christmas? Oh no Dave, Not that again! Honest Dave, we remember it very well. We still don't know what to do about Carnegie Hall! Ahem, to get the Christmas Spirit means, To give it Money, We've got to make more money You don't make a Christmas list, You fill it Maybe somebody will give you some money It's what you give to others, you're sisters and your brothers, and Especially, To those you never met. I've never met any body that would give me money. Yes Christmas Christmas Christmas Time. A giving giving giving time So let's all give a cheer for MONEY! Money? and just what is this talk about money? Well, you see Dave, Alvin's just gotta get some money. I see and just what does Alvin need money for? Uh, for an operation! Well actually Dave, Alvin wants to buy a present. Well that's different. and Who is this present for? It's for himself! For himself? So that's what the Spirit of Christmas is to you Alvin? Buying presents for yourself? But... You better go on up to your room and think about the meaning of Christmas. It means a lot more thatn making money for buying yourself presents. But Dave, No buts about it. Get in your room. You should have stuck with my line about the operation. Maybe you should have told him about Tommy! Dave, Can I talk to y ou a minute? There's nothing more to say Alvin. Are you still mad at me Dave? No I'm just very disappointed. Good night How can you play a harmonica at Carnegie Hall if you don't have a harmonica? So I gotta have MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY Alvin I'm very disappointed in you. Very Disappointed!. You've lost the spirit of Christmas But Dave! You don't understand. [knock] Did someone knock? Is this the loan department? Loan department? Where? Where? Oh there you are. So you're the loan department. No, I was hoping you were the Loan department. Cause I need a Loan. Well of course you're alone, there's nobody with you! There's so little time and so much to do, like filling that empty little heart of yours with the spirit of Christmas. But I haven't lost the Spirit of Chrisatmas. I... Well of course you haven't, I haven't finished inventing it yet. Not the wheel, not the wild west, not even the baby was as difficult to invent as the Spirit of Christmas But! I have begun with Santi Claus, That's Santi for Santi and Claus for Claus. Santi Claus A kind man with a beard and hat. One look at Santi and you'll be over flowing with Christmas Spirit. Viola! That's Santa Claus? If that isn't Sanit Claus I'll eat that cute, chubby little reindeer over there. There's nothing quite like the agiliration of discovery. So far, perfect! You don't understand. I haven't lost the Christmas Spirit, I need money to buy an Echo harmonica. Money? What is money? You buy things with it like harmonicas. It sounds like a wonderfull invention. Yes! I will have to invent money. It will go perfectly with my last invention, the IOU. La la he hmm hmm hmm hmm That's Ma for Ma and oney for oney. Not Bunny! Money! I need money! money! money! Maybe I was a little hard on Alvin, I think I'll tell him that I Money! I need money! I give up. Before you go to the store to buy the harmonica, I'd like to donate yes to the cause! a cookie?! A cookie? Oh I forgot! I used up my allowance buying cookies! ha ha ha ha ha! Here's the money I was saving for a new book. Gee thanks fellas! Good Luck Alvin! He doesn't have enough money to buy that harmonica. Ok fellas let's get ready for Carnegie Hall. Where's Alvin? Uh He's not here right now. That's perfect! Two hours before the Christmas Eve Concert and [Telephone ring] Hello. No Alvin's not here Mrs. Waterford. Alvin's harmonica? It worked wonders for Tommy? That's a miracle! Excuse me a minute Mrs. Waterford. Well, it's about time you guys told me the whole story. Gee, I sure wish I had enough money to buy that harmonica. Pardon me young man, but I need help. Me? You need my help? I knew it! I just knew you would understand. But how can I? I thought so, I said to myself, now There's a young man who wouldn't mind if a lonely old lady who is very very far away from home, bought him a Christmas present. a Christmas present? A Harmonica? how would you like an Echo Harmonica? an Echo Harmonica? But you don't even know me. No fair changing your mind now. You just wait here and I'll be right back. It can't be! I don't believe it! Yes young man! One Golden Echo Harmonica. I must be dreaming again. Hear you are! I wrapped it myself. Oh! Thank you! No thanks now, I won't have it. But um, maybe you'll play something for me. Holy infant so tender and mild, Sleep in heavenly peace. Sleep in heavenly peace. Alvin, I owe you an apology, That was a wonderful thing you did for Tommy. That's ok. Where'd she go? Where did who go? I didn't see any, That nice lady who gave me the harmonica for Christmas? She just disappeared! Dave, we've got to get going. We don't want to be late for Carnegie Hall. and we have a surprise for you when we get there Alvin Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-ing, ring-ting tingle-ing, too, Come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you. Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling "Yoo hoo" Come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you. Tommy! But how did you? Gee Alvin your solo was great! This is the surprise I was telling you about Alvin You mean that Tommy is all better? He sure is! We all wanted to surprise you! Tommy, got your harmonica with you? Sure do! Well Comeon, we've got some celebrating to do! Ladies and Gentlemen, I want you to meet a very special friend of mine. He's come a long way to help us celebrate the best Christmas Eve ever Deck the world with smiling faces Fa la la la la la la la la! Bringing joy to sadder places Fa la la la la la la la la! Friends and love is what we need Fa la la la la la la la la! Alvin: But don't forget your gift for me The Chipmunks: Fa la la la la la la la la! We Wish you a Merry Christmas, We Wish You a Merry Christmas, We Wish You a Merry Christmas and a Happy New YEar! Well How did it go darling? Oh just fine dear just fine. You know you really ought to get out some Christmas and see how the rest of the world lives. Oh I don't know, making children happy is you job. I guess I'm just an old home body. Shh! Watch out 'Cause here we come It's been a while, but We're back with style, so Get set To have some fun We'll bring you action And satisfaction We're the Chipmunks C-H-I-P-M-U-N-K We're the Chipmunks Guaranteed to brighten your day When you Feel like a laugh Give us a call, we'll Give you our all And if you Feel like a song Tune in to us and Sing right along We're the Chipmunks Coming on stronger than ever before We're the Chipmunks Alvin, Simon, Theodore! Do, do, do do do do! Do, do, do do do do! Bye! See you after Christmas! So Long! That was nice of Ms. Brown to give you til Christmas Eve to finish your essay. Nice!? She's making me do homework over Christmas Vacation! I can't believe it! She gave us the assignment three weeks ago Alvin. Three weeks isn't enough to write an entire page! Not when a person is preoccupied about what they want for Christmas! Don't teachers understand about kids and Christmas? What about the oath they take to protect and serve? That's policemen Alvin, not teachers. Woah! Uh! Thanks I'm going to start my Christmas Baking as soon as we get home I'm going to start working on Dave's present! and I'm going to make a list of everything I want for Christmas! Looks nice don't they Ebenizer? I've been thinking, Maybe I'll call 'em Buster and Bob? You're right Ebenizer, giving them names would be mighty silly, Guess I was just trying to make it seem a little less lonely around here. and I have to tell Simon and Thoedore what I want for Christmas! and Ms. Miller and Brittany and... Hey! Watch where you're going! What a grouch! Doesn't that guy know anything about the Christmas spirit?! Speaking of old guys, I better send a copy of my Christmas list to Uncle Fred! Uncle Fred? What are you going to get Dave? The perfect gift. A picture of me! Oh, why am I not surprised? An automatic sock sorter. Dave's gonna love it! Simon! [gasp] Uh just a minute Dave! Simon, have you seen, Alvin? Nope, sorry Dave. Haven't seen him Simon, what are you doing in there? Nothing! Theodore! [gasp] You can't come in Dave! Have you seen Alvin? Uh I - no Dave. I've been in here all morning. Whatchya Baking? Nothing. - It doesn't smell like nothing Uh Believe me. It's nothing (Chuckles) (whispers) It's just your Christmas present and then I want a Mighty Nice Race car Set, the one on page 12 of the Acme toy catalog and then I want... - Alvin! Woah! Every year, Christmas gets a little more dangerous around here. and a bunch of new video games and... - Alvin? What is this? - My Christmas List and skates and.. - Alvin you're late for your paper route Dave I can't leave now! I'm only halfway through my list! - Alvin!! -Okay, I'll ask Simon to do it for me. - Alvin it's your paper route you do it! People are waiting for their papers - But what about me? and What I need? - Alivin!!! - Okay Okay. But I'll have to hurry. If I don't finish my list, and get it in the mail by 5, Grandma and Grandpa wont have it in time to go shopping for my presents! (suspensfeul music) (dog yelps) - Done! - Come back here! - Sorry! But I'm in a ... hurry. - I... want... my paper! - (grunts) There! good as new! - Nope! I want a dry one! - Comeon! Be a sport! That's my last one! - Have that paper here by sundown, or I'm going straight to your father! - Oh no! Look what time it is! Sold Out. (gasps) Got it! (suspenseful music) (clock chimes) Oh no! It's too late to mail my Christmas list to Grandma and Grandpa! Grandpa and Grandma Seville... 2 of my major suppliers! - Suppliers? - Of Christmas presents! Now I'm going to miss out on some really great gifts! and it's all Mr. Carol's fault! - Alvin there's more to Christmas than just getting presents. The Holidays are a time of sharing. Of giving to others. - A time for sharing good food. - and goof company. - right. - Maybe singing some Christmas Carols would cheer you up Alvin. - Thanks anyway Theodore. (sighs) I think I'll just go upstairs and lie in the dark. Maybe I could call Grandma and Grandpa and give them my list over the phone. Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, they still have time to... (gasps) Christmas Eve, my essay on the true meaning of Christmas is due tomorrow! (crickets chirping) (somber music) The true meaning of Christmas is... is... My mind's a blank (paper crumbling) Maybe I'll write about what the true meaning of Christmas isn't. My neighbor, Mr. Carol, (ywans) doesn't have a clue (yawns) about the true meaning of Chrstimas. (snoring) (gasps) Hey! What's going on? - I'm the Spirit of Christmas past. - Dave? and I thought I was having a rough night. - I've come to show you Christmas as it should be. - I knew it wasn't for a fashion show. - Alvin! - You've got the wrong guy! Mr. Carol's the one who deosn't know what Christmas is about! - It's time for us to begin our journey. - Look I'm busy right now, ok?! - Alvin!! - Woah! - Look down there. Do you recognize that house? - Of course I do! - This is the house we lived in when we were little! - (Chipmunks laughing) - I remember that Christmas, we were so poor we couldn't afford to get you really great presents. - Alvin, that's not true. They were wonderful presents. Look! - an eraser and a pencil and a piece of paper these are great! thanks fellas! - (sighs) We wanted them to be nicer Dave. - But, they're all we could afford. - I hope you could use them, well for uh something. - I'm gonna use them right now! No. There! That's it! ♬ Christmas, Christmas time is near Time for toys and time for cheer We've been good, but we can't last Hurry Christmas, hurry fast Want a plane that loops the loop Me, I want a hula hoop We can hardly stand the wait Please Christmas, don't be late. ♫ ♬ Want a plane that loops the loop Me l want a hula hoop We can hardly stand the wait Please Christmas, don't be late. - That was a great Christmas! -That was the night I wrote the Christmas song That was inspired by the gift you boys gave me. - But they weren't expensive or fancy. - No, but they came right from you hearts. Well, our time here is up. - But I don't want to go, we're haveing so much fun. It's time for The Spirit of Christmas present to pay you a visit. - Christmas present? As in gifts? - No. Christmas Present. As in the here and now. - Oh. Big deal. (Humming the Christmas Don't be Late) Hey! What the ... - Ho! Ho! Ho! - Brought my Christmas presents? (grunts) Let me see?! Let me see?! - No! - (clears throat) I'm The Spirit of Christmas Present. I don't deliver Christmas presents! - Then what's in the sack? -A vision of Christmas, as it is today. Take a peak. (mugs clink) - Merry Christmas Boys! (running footsteps) -Christmas Wahoo! - Alvin have you delivered your papers yet? - In a minute Dave. I just want to see how many of these are for me! There's this one, and this one and here's another one. and here's one, and this one. - Deck the halls with boughs of holly, fa-la la la la, La la la la. - and another one and another one. all for me me me, me me me me. Wow! Look at all those presents! I'm gonna go help me open them. - No no no! That's against the rules! You can't do that! - Hey! What's this? It's that old grouch, Mr. Carol! - There ya go Ebenezer. You're right in the spirit of things. Now close your eyes. I've got a surprise for you. It's time for you to open your present. - (purring) - I'm glad you like it (chuckles) Don't worry about me Ebenezer, my present should be waiting for me on the front porch by now. I don't know what I'd do without that newspaper. It's like having a whole bunch of visitors every single day. Telling me all about their troubles, and their joys, the games they've won and the fights they've lost. Yes sir, that old paper's come to mean the world to me. Oh, well, I guess it olny stands to reason. It's Christmas. I expect Alvin's busy with more important things. So that's why Mr. Carol's so fussy about getting his paper. I never thought about a news paper being some body's whole world. You and the paper are about the only visitors he ever gets. - Jeez, I'm starting to see what Dave meant about the importance of giving. - [Alvin] (deck the halls tune) Me me me me me me Here. I don't want to talk about Christmas any more! - Sorry! But you must still be visited by one more spirit. - Tada! I am the Spirit of Christmas yet to come! I'm here to show you visions of your future! - Thatnks anyway, but I'm busy. I have an essay to write. and if I don't get it finished, I'm gonna flunk English - You've been talking about yourself for hours! You must be exhausted. Allow me to talk about you for a while (snaps). To show you the you, you may soon become. - Fa la la la la, la la la la. - I did it! I got all my Christmas shopping done. - Alvin! Are you alright? - I'm exhausted! It's a jungle out there. - Here. Have some eggnogg Alvin. I made it just for you... as a Christmas present. - Gee. Thanks. I hope you don't mind if I didn't get you a present. But everything I saw, was something I wanted. - Oh that's okay Alvin. The thing I'm looking foward to most is having Christmas dinner with the family. - Christmas dinner? How's that coming along? It's almost done. We'll eat as soon as Dave and Simon get back from the airport with Grandma and Grandpa Seville. - You did a great job Theodore! You made all my favorites! (crunch) - (yells) - (hiccup) (belch) - Not a pretty picture is it? - Well it's not like I ate everything. I left the whole bowl of brussel sprouts. - Big deal Alvin, you hate brussel sprouts! - Okay, okay. So what? (twinkling) - This is so what. (static) - Theodore. Alvin! - Grandma and Grandpa are here! (thumping) - Haha! Grandma! Grandpa! - What did you get me? - Woah! -Oof - Anyone care for crackers and water? It's all we have left after Alvin finished eating. - Every gift under the tree is for me! - Yes Alvin. - We knew you'd want it that way. - Merry Christmas Alvin. - Yeah right Grandma. Wait a minute. When did the doctor say you and Grandpa would be okay? - In about 3 or 4 months I think. - Doc said we should be good as new by the end of April. - Excellent! expect my list for next Christmas, May 1st (snaps) That way, the minute you're well, you can start shopping for me! (boing) - Woah! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Meeee! (static) Is that true? Is that how I'm really going to end up? - You got it. - I'm Doomed! - As long as you only think of Christmas as a time to get. - I'll change I promise! From now on, I'll think of Christmas as a time to give! I'll change! I'll change! I promise. I'll change! (Gasp) It's morning already! That means it's Christmas Eve! I've gotta finish my essay! The true meaning of Christmas. By Alvin Seville Last night, I discovered the truth about Christmas. - I verified it witht the weather service. It's never snowed here before - It's a Christmas miracle! In case you get hungry later. - You know fellas, I've got a feeling this is going to be a very special Christmas. (door opens) - Dave, Simon, Theodore! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! - What are you doing Alvin? - I have to turn in my essay, do some Christmas shopping and spread joy and happiness to others! - Alvin's going to spread joy? - and happiness? (coins clinking) (Here Comes Christmas) Presents and sweets decorations and treats And the star on top of the tree Christmas bells ringing and carolers singing And smiles on the faces we see Here comes Christmas Happiest time of the year Merry Christmas Sing and rejoice for Christmas is here (knock) (door opens) Fireplace glowing and frosty winds blowing A winter chill in the air Family near you and friendship to cheer you And good will to men everywhere Here comes Christmas Happiest time of the year Merry Christmas Sing and rejoice for Christmas is here Here comes Christmas Happiest time of the year Merry Christmas Sing and rejoice for Christmas is here Sing and rejoice for Christmas is here - Merry Christmas Alvin! - Merry Christmas Everybody. Watch out 'Cause here we come It's been a while, but We're back with style, so Get set To have some fun We'll bring you action And satisfaction We're the Chipmunks C-H-I-P-M-U-N-K We're the Chipmunks Guaranteed to brighten your day When you Feel like a laugh Give us a call, we'll Give you our all And if you Feel like a song Tune in to us and Sing right along We're the Chipmunks Coming on stronger than ever before We're the Chipmunks Alvin, Simon, Theodore! Do, do, do do do do! Do, do, do do do do! [Simon} - I can't believe Dave's car stalled right in front of our school yesterday [Theodore] - It was humiliating. [Alvin] - Well I'd rather crawl to school. [Simon] - Shh! it's Dave. - (Theodore humming) - Come on guys let's go. - How's the song Dave? - Well it's finally finished and I've sent everything over to Sy. Now let's hurry up or you'll be late for school. I'll get the car. (gasp) - (coughs) Oh! I'm too sick for school Dave. Oh! -[Simon] (coughs) Oh! - [Alvin] Oh! Why I'm burning up with fever! Darn! (snaps) guess I won't be able to go to school today. - Yeah. I don't want to go in Dave's car either. - [Alvin and Simon] (clears throat) (car struggles to start) - Uh Dave! we'll just take our bikes. - It's too late Alvin, you wouldn't get there on time. - [Chipmunks] (sighs) - Comeon fellas, help me push. [Chipmunks] (sighs) - grunts - Merilee, she'll see me - Hi Theodore. Have you seen A- Alvin! - Oh ha ha! Hi Merilee - I can't talk now, I'm just having my morning workout! Pushing cars is the latest craze! (grunts) Really pumps up the old muscles! I got a big soccer game tomorrow ya know. (card starts) - Every body in! (grunts) - See ya later! - Bye (sighs) - [Alvin] I can't wait for the big game. - [Simon] even though we have to drive in Dave's car. - [Theodore] Come on you guys [Theodore] What are we gonna do! [Chipmunks] Beat em Beat em Beat em! - Where's our secret weapon? [Chipmunks] Dave! Really? They didn't like any of my songs? Well I'm just going through a little dry spell. Uh Yeah. Okay. (hangs up phone) - What's our mission Dave? Dave? - Huh? Oh yeah. Beat em Beat em. - You don't sound too sure of that Dave. - Have you seen my soccer shoes? - You're wearing them - Ouch! - Heh. Guess I'm a little but nervous. I've never played soccer before. - Nothing to it Dave. Just use your head. - and your feet. - We'd better get going. We don't want to be late for our victory. - Yeah! We're gonna Beat em! Beat em! Beat em! (telephone rings) - Uh go and load the car up fellas I'll be right there. Oh Hi Ralphie. Hoy much? But the whole car isn't even worth that! I just can't afford to bring it in right now. Maybe next month. Thanks anyway Ralphie. - [Chipmunks] Dave! (phone hangs up) -Coming. Beat em! Beat em! - THe score is tied 2 to 2 with 30 seconds left to play. What a cliff hanger! (kicks) Speedy Seville steals it. He passes it to Chubby Seville, who bounces it to Brainy Seville, over to Big Seville. - [Alvin] Go Dave! [Chipmunks] You got it! - He's heading for the goal, He may score! [Cipmunks] Go Dave Go! (triumphant music) - Woah! - Oh my! Armstrong steal the ball! (swoosh) - and scores the winning goal! - Ha ha ha ha! We won Dad! We won! Great play! - Thanks son! - Are you okay Dave? - Yeah sure. Just a little embarrassed. - a little embarrased? I'm humiliated. - I didn't even see what happened. -Count your blessings Dave. - Timmy's Dad scored the winning goal. - Oh I guess I kinda blew it huh? - Don't worry about it Dave, it's only a game. - Yeah, Timmy will only be bragging about how his Dad won the game for the next 50 years. But we'll get over it. Someday. - Hey comeon! I'll treat you all to a fruit smoothie. -Good game Dave. You always had us there. - Yeah almost. - Well hopefully your business is going better than your soccer game - Well acutally. -Yeah we're in a real boom right now ourselves Dave. I'm making more money than I can spend - Well uh. - You too huh? Hey glad to hear it. - (grunt) - [Thodore] Wow! look at that car! - It's a Labararri X 12! - The finest roadster ever built. - Ha ha Yeah! and it's all ours! - Isn't it great Dave? - Yeah it's beautiful! Well we better get going fellas. We don't want to keep those fruit smoothies waiting. - [Chipmunks] Oh (honking) - [Timmy] So long! - [Simon] What a beautiful car. (car struggleing) - Oh - I hope no one sees us. - This is incredibly embarrassing. - Hey Seville, You need some help? - No no, it's probably just upset cause it didn't get to play in the game. - It doesn't know how lucky it was - I'll be happy to take the boys home for you Dave? - [Chipmunks] Great! - But fellas? What about our fruit smoothies? - [Chipmunks] That's okay Dave. (car door shuts) (car struggles) - (grunts) (Honk) (panting) - Oh Brother. What a great day. - Dave you're back! Timmy's car is driving on air. - And guess what! Mr. Armstrong said he can drive us to Camp Happy Trails. - Oh well that's nice but - It's okay Dave, you can drive us if you want. We don't mind - It's not that Simon it's - Which reminds me Dave, did you send in the papers? We want to be sure camp happy trails knows we're coming. - Well I - I can't wait to go! The Happy Trail trek Wagon is practically world famous! - Wait a minute fellas, I don't know how to say this but I'm afraid I can't afford to send you this year. - Are you kidding? - But Dave, We've been waiting for camp happy trails all year. - and we did all those extra chores. - I know but I expected at least one of my songs to be accepted. - This isn't happening to me - I'm really sorry fellas - I don't believe it! - It's okay Dave. We understand. - There's always next year. Right Alvin? - But you promised! - Alvin! - What! My whole summer is ruined! Probably my whole life! (mumbles) (mumbles) - The Trek Wagon isn't that great. - We understand Dave. Really we do, (mumbles) - No camp happy trails this year. I still can't believe it. - Alvin. No one feels worse wbout this than Dave. - Wanna bet? - He didn't know that those songs wouldn't sell. He's just in a slump. - What if he doesn't come out of it? We'll have to sell the house! - Maybe we could live at Timmy's. He's got lots of room. - Dave's too proud for that. - [Alvin] he wasn't too proud at the soccer game. - [Simon] Alvin! Come on! - [Alvin] This is the worst day of my like! - [Dave] (sighs) - I embarrased them, I ruined their summer, I can't write a hit song, I can't even get my car fixed. Maybe they'd be better off without me. (snoring) - [Simon echoes] You're enterring another dimension - [Dave] huh? - [Simon] one of sight, sound and mind - So, you think we'd be better off if you never existed? - Simon? - Sort of, Dave, this is making me dizzy. Dave! Can you adjust this thing? hah! Hey! That tickles! (clears throat) Seriously Dave. We need to talk about you never existing. Let's see if I would have been better off without you. Submitted for your approval. The no Dave song (Suspenseful music) Let's travel back in time to an important moment in my formative youth. Remember the big school spelling bee a few years ago? - [Dave] sure - [SImon] and I was so nervous I couldn't spell anything right? - Spell principal. As in the head of a school. - Principal P R I N C I (hmm) P L E - [Dave] no that's the other type of Principle. Just remember this little trick, "the principal of your school is your Pal". P R I N C I P A L - Great! principal, P R I N C I P A L - You look awefully tired Simon, Are you sure you want to keep going? - Absolutely. The spelling bee is tomorrow. Give me another one. - Alright, spell Mississippi. - Mississippi, M I S I P, I never get that one right. - Here's a little rhyme that used to help me out. M I double S I double S I double P I - M I double S I double S I double P I - You've got it! - M I double S I double S I double P I - [Simon and Dave] M I double S I double S I double P I - [Simon] After your help Dave, I felt ready for that dpelling bee. - {Announcer] Alright, number 9 - For your last word, please spell the word Guide. - Uh, Guide, G I D E , Guide (buzzer) - [Announcer] I'm sorry, that's incorrect. Number 10? - For your mast word, please spell Mississippi. - Mississippi, M I double S I double S I double P I, Mississippi! - [Announcer] Correct! - [Dave] Yay! - [Announcer] number 10, Simon Seville -[Dave] Yay Simon! You see, Everyone treated me like I was smart, so I believed I was smart. [Dave] (studdering) But you were, are. [Simon] - well it never happened that way [Dave] - What do you mean? [Simon] - You weren't there to help me learn, to give me confidence. I was on my own. and not doing well. Mississippi, M I S A S I P I Wrong. I haven't gotten one word all night. I'm just not smart enough (sigh) When the spelling bee came around, I was a nervous wreck [announcer] Alright, number 9 for your last word, please spell the word guide. G I D E guide. [announcer] I'm sorry that's incorrect (buzzer) Number 10? For your last word, please spell the word Mississippi. (groans, clears throat) Mississippi. (clears throat) M I S A S uh I P I. Mississippi? [announcer] I'm sorry (buzzer) that's incorrect. [Simon] I was humiliated. I lost all self confidence that day. - (laughing) Boy is he dumb -(sigh). By the age of 40, I was still in kindergarten. - [Dave] But I don't get it. you were always so smart. - Not without your help. - Hey where are ya going? - Back to school. I never did learn how to spell Mississippi. - [Theodore] Hey Dave - Theodore? -Eh sort of. - So ya think I'd be better off if you never existed huh? - Well I... - Comeon. Did you say that? or didn't you? - Yeah I guess I did say that but... - Well, let's take a peek. - [Dave] Hey! I'm floating! - Remember the time I ran for kindergarten president? and nobody voted for me? - [Dave] sure I do. -[Thodore] I felt so alone, I didn't know what to do. Oh! - Theodore, what's wrong? - Nothing. - I know something's wrong Thodore, you didn't eat your dinner. - They don't want me to be kindergarten class president! (crying) I didn't even get no- miniated! Nobody likes me! - Well that doesn't mean nobody likes you. What did you do to get the no-miniation - nomination? - Nothing. - [Dave] did you talk to anyone? - No - [Dave] Why not? - I.. I'm too shy. What if they don't like me? - You're a very likeable person Theodore. - But if you don't introduce yourself, people won't know just how nice you are. - You.. you think so? - Absolutely, but remember you have go out and meet people them and talk to them. Give em a chance to get to know you. - I'll do it! (studdering) I'll go right out and meet and talk to a bunch of people and make friends! - That's the spirit. -[Theodore] Uh but first, I think I'll eat dinner. Because of you Dave, I learned I had to earn friendship. and with you believing in me, I believed in me too. Pretty soon, I had friends all around the world! - I'd like to introduce a person voted most popular: Theodore Seville! (clapping) - [Theodore] Too bad it never happened that way Dave. - [Dave] What do you mean? - [Theodore] Did you forget already? You thought we'd be better off if you'd never existed. - Without you to give me suce great advice and encouragement, I moved to a desert island and became a hermit - [Dave] You what!? - [Theodore] I never learned how to get along with people. They didn't like me, and I didn't like them. - [Dave] No! It can't be! - [Theodore] I'm afraid it is Dave - (uggh) Theodore! Simon! what's happening!? What a nightmare! - [Alvin] You're not dreaming Dave. - Alvin? - [Alvin] So you think we'd be better off if you'd never existed. - Well I... - Come with me. - [Alvin] Dave how can I show you the effects of your wish, if you won't cooperate? (laser wheezes) - Hey! - Alright Dave. Have it your way. - Alvin! (suspenseful music) - Now then. Remember that lemonade stand I had when I was a kid? - Alvin this is not funny! - That was a bid turning point in my life Dave. Remember what happened? (twinkle) - [Dave] Hey how's business Alvin? - Not very good Dave. Nobody wants to buy my lemonade. - But you've only got one glass left. - I only made one glass. If I made ten glasses and nobody bought them, I'd have to drink them all myself. - You need a positive attitude to succeed Alvin. - But nobody even bought this glass - Come over here. Tell me what you see. - A lemonade stand. - [Dave] How do you know it's a lemonade stand? There's no sign. If you want to sell lots of lemonade, you have to advertise. - Right! I'll call it the "Lemonade Stand of The Stars"! - Comeon I'll help you make the sign - and I'll make some more lemonade! - [Alvin] get your ice cold lemonade at the "Lemonade Stand of The Stars"! - here ya go. Take a number. No need to fuss, plenty for everyone. - [Dave] "Lemonade Stand of The Stars", everybody loved it. - [Alvin] But that's not the way it happenede Dave. Without you there to help me, my lemonade stand was a failure. and without that first success, I thought I was a failure. And that's exactly what I became. - [Boss] Seville! Did you finish that filing I gave you?! - Yes Sir I did. - [Boss] Then how come I couldn't find my sales report? - Wll I (studdering) - [Boss] You filed it wrong! (crash) - [Boss] Here! - Yes us, I must have filed them wrong. I'm just no good Sir. - [Boss] Get with it Seville! Or find yourself another job! - Yes Sir, Whatever you say Sir. - [Dave] Alvin that's not like you. - [Alvin] Without your help Dave, I never learned that I could be a success. So there I am, No confidence, No opinion, No future. - Just because I wasn't there? - I was at the Corssroads of Life Dave, and without you, I took a wrong turn. Hahaha! And you thought the Chipmunks would be better off if you never existed! (echoing) Never existed. Never existed. (harp playing) - [Dave] Never existed. Never existed. Am I? I do exist! They boys! (snoring) - [Dave] Simon! Theodore! Alvin! You're alright! - [Chipmunks] Huh! - What's going on Dave? - [Dave] I just wanted to see if you guys were ok? - Yeah Dave, we're fine. - Fellas, I'm sorry for losing the soccer game, and embarrassing you and wrecking your summer. - We don't care about those things Dave. - Not more than we care about you. - Yeah, you're the best dad in the whole world. - I'm the richest man in the world. Hey! That gives me an idea for a new song. A really great new song. - A really great new song? - I haven't seen Dave this excited about a new song in a long time. - Camp Happy Trails here we come! - Come On! (piano playing) Sometimes the going gets rough And it seems that dreams aren't enough But there's somebody there To see us through And we're so glad it's you When nothing goes like we planned And our problems get all out of hand There's someone who knows just what to do And we're so glad it's you Without you we'd never have tried Reaching further than we could see And you taught us how to do our best And be all we could be We don't always show that we care But you know we'll always be there As for who we love best, we'll tell you true We're so glad, we're so glad it's you - [Chipmunks] You're the greatest Dave! - [Dave] I love you boys too.