[♪] Hey there. Morning Mama. Morning baby, kisses. Those look pretty. Morning Grammy. Good morning Livi. You all set for school? - You got your lunch? - Yeah. Where's your jacket? [laughs] Knock, knock! Good morning, Mayor Paul. Morning Allison, Martha. Good morning. Something smells great. What are you baking back there, a little slice of heaven? You say that every morning. - The usual? - Sounds good. - Anything for me? - Yes, ma'am. Okay. You know, Paul, you don't have to bring us our mail every day. I'm sure that you have more important mayoral duties than passing out our mail. Well don't go telling this to everyone, but I don't hand deliver to most people. Of course, y'all aren't most people. Always with the bills, Paul. What am I gonna do with you? Mm, if I could have kept them from coming, I would have, trust me. Morning Mayor Paul. Olivia, you are looking bigger and bigger every day. You too. Okay, we got 30 minutes to get to school, let's go. Bye Grammy. You have a wonderful day at school, honey. Bye. Oh, and be nice to the Keller boy. I will. Mm-mmm. - Yummy? - Mm-hmm. You want to know what Miss Lindsey told me yesterday? Remember, even though she's mommy's friend, we have to call her Mrs. McMillan at school. Oh yeah, I know that. Want to know - what she said? - What? She said that this year's Christmas pageant is gonna be the best one in the history of White Pine's Elementary School. She said that? - Uh-ha. - Well, it's only 4 days away, are you ready? Yeah. You want to know - what else she said? - What? She said that I have the loudest partridge in a pear tree she's ever had. [laughs] I believe that, baby. [school bell ringing] And you have - wonderful day, okay. - Good morning, Olivia. Good morning Miss, I mean Miss McMillan. - All right, bye. - Bye. Hey, Al, can I talk to you for a quick sec? Of course, what's up? You know the kids wrote about what they want for Christmas for the school newsletter, I wanted to show you this first to see if maybe you'd like Olivia to write something else. For Christmas this year, I wish Mommy wouldn't have to worry about money all the time? I wish more people would buy her cookies. They are the best cookies in the whole world. If everyone came to eat her cookies, we wouldn't need money. Oh, Lins. Just thought maybe you'd want to change it, you know, before it gets published and everyone sees it. I didn't know I even talked about money in front of her. I don't want her worried about this. You know how much they listen at that age. Okay, I will talk to her tonight and I'll have her write something else. Thank you again, I owe you. Don't mention it. Oh, expect a dozen macaroons on your desk tomorrow. Like the ones you made for my wedding? - You got it. - Mmm. [wind blowing] [♪] [♪] [paper rustling] [♪] One, nine, six, eight. Hey darling, you need a break? Oh, no, I can't take a break right now. Anything I can help with? I'm just not good at this stuff like daddy was. Well, he wasn't good at it either at first. Kept this place running for 30 years, I'd say he did a pretty good job. I just don't have his business sense. I'm more like you, Mom, I'm a baker. No, you are a French trained pastry chef. Merci Mama, C'est Chez. C'est très gentil. C'est très gentil, see, I'm already forgetting it. But I'm not sure dropping out of pastry school when I got pregnant really counts. Of course, it counts. There's no telling where you'd be if your father - hadn't gotten sick. - Mom. Making desserts for the Queen of England. For the last time, I love it here. I loved growing up here, and I love that Olivia is growing up here. The best thing I ever did was move home when Daddy got sick. The only thing I would do differently is to move back here sooner. Okay, all right, as long as you're happy. I will be very happy when I can pay all these overdue bills. It's gonna take a miracle at this point. Well, you remember what your Dad used to always say; No point in wishing on a star that don't do - nothing but shine. - That don't nothing but shine, I know. [♪] Good morning. - Martha. - Sarah Grace, Rose. - What did you bring? - Croissants. Oh. I'm just gonna take a little corner. Oh, hi Martha, how are ya? Oh, thank you, Bill. Oh, no, you have candy. Bill, I started one, you finish that one. I'm gonna have one of these. Oh, oh, that's heaven. Thank you. [♪] Now who is that? Oh, nice car. Were you expecting someone? No, we were not. Do you think they're together? That girl looks rather young. She's quite beautiful though. Him too. Rose. [laughs] She's very preoccupied with her phone. We'll take any customer we can get these days. They look like trouble to me, Bill. [♪] [doorbell ringing] I can't believe you pack all this luggage. Oh, this is pretty nice. Welcome to White Pines. Hello, thank you. Thank you very much. I'm Matthew Gilbert, and this is my assistant, Rebecca. Rebecca, Assistant Account Manager. Assistant Account Manager. I'm Sarah Grace, this is my husband Bill. - How do you do? - Those are my friends, Martha, Rose. - Hello. - Hello. Pleasure. Well, I reckon you two would like a room now. Two rooms, please. Well, you're in luck, I happen to have two rooms available. Matthew: Oh great. May I ask what y'all are doing here in White Pines, Matthew? Yeah, of course. We are on business. And if you don't mind, I'm gonna head up to my room. Rebecca here will check us in. Oh, of course. Bill. Would you like a cookie to take to your room? They're from the best bakery in the area. Oh, no thank you, Sarah Grace, watching my weight, no sugar. After you, Bill. Top of the stairs, straight ahead. Would like a cookie? No, thank you, I'm gluten free. [laughs] What? [cell phone ringing] Pete, just get me those numbers, okay. Matthew, it's Jeff. Oh hey, Mr. Mulligan. Have you arrived into town yet? Made any appointments? Yes sir, just arrived, and no sir, not yet. Listen, you know I need you to move quickly on this one. I selected you over Carol, it's because I believe you can get this done given the tight timeline. We have to get that paperwork through before the Board leaves for their holiday. Yes sir, I'll have this deal all wrapped up before my mother can finish making her famous honey baked ham on Christmas Eve. Good, good, listen, Matthew, I need you to hit a home run on this one. That VP slot is still open for a reason and you got to give me something to bring back to Mike. Yeah, yeah, you bet, sir, absolutely. You know, County Records office can only give us so much over the phone, so we're gonna do a little digging and see who's got the deed to the property. Yeah, that's fine, that's fine, Matthew. Do whatever it takes to close this deal. I want to start construction in February. Yeah, you bet, sir. [click] Hey, how's that swing coming along? Mr. Mulligan? [cell phone beep] [♪] [doorbell jingling] [♪] Oh, hello. Welcome to the Rocky Top Bakery. I'm Allison. Oh, Allison, how wonderful to meet you. Are you just visiting for the holidays? I'm just passing through, but when I heard about your little bakery, I had to give it a try. Oh, of course, how can I help you? Do you have any cookies? My husband has quite a sweet tooth when it comes to cookies. Cookies, yes. We have chocolate chip and sugar cookies, but we often have a lot more kinds of cookies. [♪] [sniffing] [crunching] Mmm-mmm. [laughs] May I try it? Of course. How many do you have of these? Um, I believe we have three dozen in total. I will take all of them to go. Sure, but, well, just make yourself at home. Thank you. [♪] I remember when you were just a little 6-year-old. What? Oh, never mind me, dear. [♪] Well, here you go. Oh, this should cover it. Thank you. Thank you. [♪] It's just exactly as I pictured it. Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! [♪] [doorbell ding dong] Hi Rose, I have those petit fours you wanted. [smash] Oh gees! Hi. Hi. I-I'm, I'm so sorry about this, my, my jacket got caught on this table and I knocked over this garden gnome thingy. Oh, I don't, I don't work here. I'm just looking for the owner, Rose, but, um, let me help you clean it all up. Oh, thank you. So, you're not from around here, are you? Ha-ha, no, I'm staying at the B&B next door. One second I'm asking for the WiFi password, the next I'm being convinced to buy all my Christmas gifts at this antique shop. That really doesn't surprise me. Well, maybe if you have a minute you could help me find a gift. Sure, what are you looking for? Well, she likes, um, cooking, gardening, sewing. - So, it's for your wife? - Not my wife. - Your girlfriend? - No girlfriend, no. It's, that's embarrassing, it's for my Mom. Oh, I think that's really sweet. I know Rose just got in this. It's actually an antique sewing machine. Wow. You think she'd like it? Yes, this is perfect. She's gonna love this. Thank you. I'm Matthew, by the way. - I'm Allison. - Hi Allison, nice to meet you. How long are you in town? [doorbell ding dong] Oh, um, hi Rose. Hi Allison. Treats for the Book Club. Oh, thanks dear. Oh, what did you find? It's great, isn't it? Yeah, this is great. She's gonna love it. - For your wife? - No wife. - Girlfriend? - No girlfriend, no. My mom. Well, maybe I, um, I'll see you around. Bye. [♪] So, how about for this assignment you write about what you want for Christmas, what you want Santa to bring you? But that is what I want for Christmas. I want everybody to love your cookies, and I want you and Grammy to sell lots. And that is so thoughtful, but maybe you can write about what toy you want. Like that unicorn doll that I wanted? Yeah. Can you write about that, for me? Okay. And no more talking about money, okay, we are fine, we are more than fine. You don't have to worry about that. Okay. [♪] [humming] That's beautiful, Mom. Is that for the Christmas pageant? No, this is for the Christmas Eve service. I'm trying to decide whether to do it as a solo, or have the choir sing it like we did last year, or, or just do another song completely. Why don't you sing it? Honey, I'm, I'm the Musical Director. You can still sing a solo. You haven't done that in a long time. [laughs] And, and this is a soprano song. I've gotten older now and I'm kind of like a bass. Mom, you have an amazing voice. Oh, look at the time. I'm supposed to meet Rose and Sarah Grace for tea. Okay, well don't gossip too much. Ha-ha. [cell phone ringing] It's Mulligan. So, you get it. [cell phone ringing] Hello. Hi Mr. Mulligan. It's Rebecca. Yes, Matthew is occupied at the moment. Okay, all right, okay. Mr. Mulligan, hi. Yeah, it's me. Yes, yes sir, yeah, we went by the County Records office today and find that ordinance you've been looking for. Well, it's just like we thought, the deed to the Town Square belongs to the direct descendants of the founders of White Pines. And I sent it to Legal. And we sent it to Legal, and good news, they said we just need one signature, and then we can start sending out relocation packages. Yeah, thank you, sir. Yeah, well I appreciate that. All right, we'll speak soon. Yeah, bye-bye. That's nice. Do you always have to be carving that thing? It helps me think. Your shavings are getting on my iPad. [doorbell jingling] Knock, knock. Hi Paul. - Hello Paul. - Allison, Martha. Got some mail. Oh great, just leave it right there. Voila. Oh, thank you. I'll see you later at the rehearsal for pageant, right? Yes sir, and please bring your toolbox, the kids built the set, and we're gonna need your help. Okay. Well, tell Olivia I said hi. Will do. Bye Paul. [doorbell jingling] Huh, this is weird. - What is it? - There's no post mark. [♪] Wow! Dear Allison, I want to thank you for the delicious cookies the other day, they were such a hit with my husband we simply must come again. We would love to taste test all of your glorious recipes. After which, we will place a large order for our party. We will be able to stop by your bakery this Sunday, December 18th at two o'clock in the afternoon. See you then. How wonderful! Who is this from? It must be from that sweet woman who stopped by yesterday. Well, how many do you think we should prepare? I think as many as possible. Do you want to grab your old notebook? Um, I've got to pick up Olivia, but I'll start making a list. Okay. Wow. Allison, hi. Hello again. Hi, I'm Allison. I don't think - I've met you. - Rebecca. I have flour all over - my hands, I'm so sorry. - Not a problem. Do you have a minute to discuss your business and financial options? My business in? Are you guys from the bank? No, no, we're not from the bank. I probably should have told you this before, but we're consultants for a real estate development firm, and we just wanted to go over a few things with you. Oh, White Pines, - Tennessee. - White Pines, Tennessee. - That's here. - Yes. These are beautiful. Aren't they? [♪] What is this? Wait a minute, this is my bakery. All-inclusive resort and spa, 5 star restaurant, celebrity chef - TBD? Yes, that's, that's what we - wanted to talk to you about. - It's very exciting. You want to buy - my bakery? - Yes. Well, there's a little, it's a little more to it than that. Um, we'd like to discuss your options. My options are that I'm not interested in selling. I live here. - I live upstairs. - We know that, yeah. - This is my home. - It's actually a great opportunity for you if you want to look a little closer. I have to actually - pick up my daughter. - Why don't you, just for the weekend? I don't need that, but I'm picking up my daughter from school. She's in a Christmas pageant, - so I've got to go pick her up. - Okay, yeah, we should probably go. I hope you're enjoying - your time in White Pines. - Pageant? - Thank you. - We'll talk soon. Okay, all - right, goodbye. - See you again soon. All right. Hew. [♪ Instrumental ♪] Hi. Um...hi. What, what are you? It's festive in here. Um, I want to apologize for my assistant. She's new. And I, I don't feel like we got off to a great start. Oh, is that because you're trying to turn my whole town into a ski resort? Pretty much, yeah. Yeah. Why don't we go for dinner? Wait, what? But you eat dinner, right? Yeah, I do, technically I eat dinner. Okay, well great, I'll take you through the deal and we'll chitchat about how my Mom is gonna love her Christmas gift, thanks to you, and I'll tell you some numbers, some plans, I'll show you some perks. [laughs] You are hilarious. It'll be fun, right? Honestly, I feel like there's a pretty amazing opportunity for you here. Oh, you do, do you? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, all of these high-class resorts are gonna have restaurants, and they're gonna need pastry chefs, dessert chefs, and if they find out that one local baker happens to be classically trained in French pastry, you don't think they'd want to hire that person? I really don't know. Well, especially if it's in the contract. Look. Here's my card. If you flip it over, it's the estimate how much we'll purchase your property for. And you'll notice my name and my number is there. - Yeah, no, I see that. - So, call me. That's, that's great to have. Did you see me, did you see me? Hi, yes, I did, baby, you were so good! Whoa. You FBI? Ha-ha, no, I'm, I'm a businessman. A businessman, my Mom owns a business, she could never wear that to work, she gets flour everywhere. Okay, come on, kiddo. Bye Mr., um? Matthew. Bye Mr. Matthew. You're coming to my pageant, right? Um, maybe. Do you like him? I think he might be handsome. He looks like the prince from my book. Did you like his outfit? What were you just talking about? What you doing? Just thinking. You know, Lindsey asked me again if you were singing at the pageant. Oh, stop, I'm just playing piano, I don't want to sing. Well, I remember how much Dad used to love your voice. [♪] I know he would want you to. You know, Olivia told me that you were with some nice man at the rehearsal? Mom, that's the developer I told you about, he's trying to shut down our business. Besides, I'm not interested in dating, you know that. What a pair we are, we don't date. All right, I'll sing. [wind blowing] How are you doing, Mr. Harris? Just call me Clive. You familiar with why we scheduled this meeting? No, I can't say I am. Our company represents... Our company represents... ...a large resort chain that's interested in purchasing some property here in White Pines. And we've come across this interesting ordinance that dictates only the descendants of the founders of White Pines have the authority to sign the deed to the Town Square over. As I'm sure you're aware, you, you are that descendant. The Brentley's as well, just next door. Oh yes, yeah, yeah, Allison Brentley, we, we met with her yesterday at the bakery. She's very sweet. And she's also a descendant of the second founder of White Pines. But the ordinance does not dictate that both signatures are needed, just one. So, we'd like to present to you some of our company's plans and give you an idea of what the offer might look like once the deed is signed over. This is very exciting. Ski chalets, condominiums, restaurants, an entire redevelopment of the main street. As you can see, Clive, our company is willing to offer several different relocation packages. Very generous. They want me to move? Well that's just one of the packages. It depends on what you want to do. You know, if you want to continue to live in your house behind the store, then you'd have to rent from them, just because they'd be purchasing this entire property. Hmm. But most importantly, Clive, here's the offer to purchase your property. [♪] Hello? Lindsey, I brought the eclairs. Lindsey: I'm up here in the storage closet! [♪] Hey, worker bee, oh! [thunk] Watch out for that snowman, that will lock you out from the inside. - Noted. - Did I hear you say eclairs? - You did. - You're the best, I need a break. Mmm, these are amazing. I'm so glad you love these, they're the same as always though. I'm just trying to butter you up. You want to hear something funny? Mm-hmm. So, you know how Andrew and I weren't sure whether or not we'd be in town this year for Christmas, well we decided to host this year. The kids are excited because that means their Uncle Andrew's brother, Ryan, will be coming to town. - Oh. - He just moved to Knoxville. It's been two years since his divorce, so I was wondering if I could set you guys up? - Lindsey. - Please don't say no, you've never even met him. I swear you'd hit it off. But I, mmm. You don't have the whole distance excuse anymore. I can't, I have Olivia. Listen, I know when Liv's father left the picture it broke your heart, but that was five years ago, you deserve to be happy, Al. He didn't just break my heart, when he left, he broke Olivia's heart, too. I, I can't do that to her again. Not everyone's gonna leave. Just think about it, okay? Don't we have a Christmas Pageant to decorate for? As soon as I finish this last éclair. Can I have one - more bite? - No! - Yes! - No, these are mine. [♪] Momma? What baby? I can't find the angel. Well don't worry, I'll look for it, we'll find it. This is looking great. Oh look, I found the angel! I've got her! [♪] [footsteps on stairs] [door bell jingling] Come darling. Allison: Hi. Hello. Welcome back! Hello Allison. This is my husband, Chris, he is the cookie connoisseur. Hi, I'm Allison. Delighted to meet you, Allison. I'm Martha. - Lovely to meet you. - Everyone calls me Mrs. C. Mrs. C. Mrs. C., and look at these gorgeous cookies! Oh, these are so beautiful! Well, we have so many for you to sample today. We made chocolate chip, and then we also made sugar cookies, and we have snowmen and we have... Martha: Snicker doodles. ...snicker doodles. I really want to try a snicker doodle. I told him not unless it's Friday night. [laughing] Oh, and look at the snowflakes. We love all of these, and we'd like to order all of them. Martha: Oh Great! Allison: Wow, what a fun party you must be having. Mrs. C: Can we buy them by the pound? We're going to need a lot of cookies, I mean a lot, hundreds. [♪] Oh, can you believe it? I never expected the order to be this large. Must be some party, huh? And this shipping label, I have never seen anything like this. There's no discernable location. What language is that? - Who knows. - It's very fascinating. Look, she left her handkerchief behind. Oh, we'll have to add it to the cookies when we ship them overnight on the 23rd. Oh, I think somebody deserves some celebratory hot chocolate. Let's go, let's go, let's go! What do you think? We've got a lot of cookies to bake. [♪] Wow, that was an exciting day. Yeah. I think it's time to get to sleep. Okay, good night. I love you. - Love you, too. - Sleep well. [♪] [school bell ringing] [children chatting] [knocking] Oh, hey Olivia. Hi Mrs. Bucklin. You're the teacher in charge of the newsletter, right? Yes. Mrs. Mullin sent me and she wants this to be in it. You're in luck, I was just about to start printing everything. Okay, thank you! [♪] [doorbell jingling] [♪] Well, look, you're still in town. Well, I had to come see what everyone is saying is the best bakery in the Smoky Mountains. Wow, choices, hmm. I'll have a croissant, please. Okay. Oh, no, no, it's to stay. Lucky me. [♪] What's that? - It's a Madeleine. - Is it a cookie? It's more like a cake. Hmm. What's this? - Tuile. - Twill? Tuile. It's like a potato chip? No, it's not a potato chip, it's more like a wafer. I guess that's where the whole French pastry training comes in. I guess it does. You're really passionate about this? Yeah, I really am. I can still make a mean brownie, but I wanted to bring a part of me to this place when I took over. [♪] I know what you're doing, by the way. What's that? This whole I'm a nice good-looking guy, you should trust me 'cause I'm here to help you game. You buy that croissant, then you ask me questions like you somehow care about my bakery because you buy the croissant, it's a guilt croissant, you know what you're doing. You think I'm good-looking? Seriously, that's what you get from that? What's a guilt croissant? Forget it. Extra calories? [♪] Rose, hey, why is everyone looking at me like that? You haven't seen the school's Christmas newsletter yet? Have a look. [♪] Oh-oh. Santa and Mrs. Claus came all the way from the North Pole to our bakery because my Mom's cookies are his favorite. They came to try all of our cookie recipes and ordered a bunch for a party on Christmas Eve. After he brings all the presents to all the kids in the world, he will be eating our Rocky Top Bakery cookies. Mrs. Claus even left her hanky behind, so I have proof they were here. Everyone should try to come to our bakery and buy Santa's favorite cookies, so that we can have enough money to pay the bills and make more cookies for Santa and all the kids of the world. Oh, my gosh, Mom! Definitely not proof read. What am I gonna do? The whole town is gonna think I asked my kid to write this commercial basically begging for money. I don't think everyone's gonna think that. This is so embarrassing! Well, Livi was just excited. But surely she doesn't think that was really Santa Claus, right? I mean she has to know that was just a nice man with a white beard. I don't want people to think she just made up this whole story. Livi believes it was true. Do you want to take that away from her? It is pretty cute. Very cute. Look at that elf. [laughing] Oh, sweet girl, what have you done? [♪] [♪] I know that I mentioned this at the Town Hall meeting, but I didn't get into specifics, 'cause I wanted to speak with you two, being the most involved with all this. But, what is it? Well, they represent a large construction company, but they've been doing a lot of work in nearby counties, replacing small residential towns with corporate ski resorts, that sort of thing. They got approval from the County of Hartford to purchase our land, but thanks to an old town ordinance, they cannot do so without the property deeds that belong to the descendants of the founders, and that's you two. They can't buy our Town Square without your signatures. Well that's a, a good thing, right, 'cause I'll never sign. Well, they only need one signature. How is that legal? I spoke to their lawyers today, and the ordinance is vague, it doesn't specify it has to be two. So, basically one of us signs and the whole Town Square is forced to sell? Basically yeah. Clive. You're not actually considering this, right? I am. I met with the two of them the other day, and they showed me their offer. I'm inclined to say yes. I'm old. It's been time to retire for a long while now. I'm sorry. Clive. There must be something we can do. They can't, they can't buy the Town Square just like that. Legally, yeah, legally they can. [sigh] [♪] Come on, Clive, White Pines is your home, you raised your family here, you can't just sell it off like this. I've worked every day of my life since I was 15 in this shop, and I'd like to spend the rest of my time with my grandkids over in Nashville. Well, Nashville isn't that far. Time is precious - these days. - Clive. No, it's true, I haven't got much time left on this earth, and I'd like to be with my family. Now, I haven't had the money to just abandon this place and get up and move, so if someone wants to buy it, I have to sell. But this decision - affects the whole town. - I know. White Pines as we know it will no longer exist. I can't spend my last years shuffling snowboards around this shop alone. So, what can I do? What can I do so you don't sign this deal? Buy my shop, I guess. Okay, how much? If you can pay me half what they're offering, it's yours. And you won't sign? I won't. How about a 10% deposit before Christmas, and you can pay the rest in your own time. Ten percent, huh? Now, it's not a easy feat. I'll do it. [♪] [cell phone ringing] Hey Mom. Yeah. Yeah, I was just working. What's going on? Yes, Mom, I'll be home for Christmas Eve dinner this year. I promise. All right, Mom, you can count on me. Bye-bye. [beep] [♪ The Twelve Days of Christmas Instrumental ♪] And don't forget, spread the wings out and say... ♪ And a partridge in a pear tree. ♪ ...and a partridge in a pear tree. ♪ Perfect, you go get 'em, girl. - Yeah. - All right. [♪ Jingle Bells Instrumental ] Ah, there's my little partridge! You look adorable! These wings are fitting - great, too, aren't they? - Yeah. Okay, can you fly for me? All right, go get with your class. Have fun! Hey there. - Hi. - Hi. Um, what, what are you doing here? Olivia told me to come back here. I heard you're trying to bribe Clive into not signing over the deed, and I'm working on a timeline here. Yeah, and I don't really think this is the time. Allison, could - you help me out? - Sure. One of the stars on my Christmas tree costume broke. Can you go up and get - me the other one? - Sure. - It's one of the boxes. - Okay, I'm on it. Thanks. You know that wasn't really Santa, right? She just wants attention because she's poor. No! Only babies still believe in Santa, baby. - I'm not a baby! - Yeah, right, you baby. My Dad dresses up as Santa every year at my house, that's how I know Santa's not real. Right, but she doesn't have a dad, and my mom told me. - I do have a dad! - Na-ah, that's why your mom is so poor. He just lives far away! If she had a dad, he'd at least tell her Santa's not real by now. He is real, I saw him. What a baby. [sobbing] Hey, Olivia, you okay? I saw him, I did. He likes Mommy's cookies, and I didn't make it up and I know they won't believe me, but I saw him, he was there. Okay, you don't have to listen to them, you know why? 'Cause I believe you. You do? Yeah, yeah, I believe you. And you know what? Those kids, they're on the naughty list. - They are? - Yeah, and anyone who's mean to others is on the naughty list. Okay? All right, now go get 'em! Hello, star, star! Yes, I'm, I'm on it. [♪] Ah, found it, great. Oh hey. [thunk] Don't let the door... [door creaking shut] ...close! What? All right, now we're locked in here. Oh, we're locked in here? Hello! [knocking] Can anyone hear me? [knocking] My kid is performing. [knocking] Lindsey! [knocking] - Ow! - Why don't we just call her? - Who? - Lindsey. Hello? [knocking] What's her number? Can somebody hear me? [knocking] Oh, no service. Hello? [knocking] - Nice work. - Sorry. Look...mistletoe. - That's holly. - It's mistletoe. - No. - It's red. Holly is red, mistletoe is white. Mistletoe is white? I feel like I've been lied to my entire life. I've been kissing girls under holly for years. Oh, I'm sure you have. Lindsey! [♪ Instrumental ♪] Whoa, I can't believe I'm missing Olivia's pageant. She's gonna be so mad at me. She'll understand. She does a solo. You clearly don't get it. Okay, then why don't you tell me. Oh fun, you want to have a conversation? Do you forget you're trying to shut down my business? Well, did you know that my boss is breathing down my neck because of this pesky baker who won't let me close this deal? Ou, pesky baker, I like that, I'm adding it to my business cards. Can you just tell me why, why you're trying so hard to sell off my Town Square piece by piece? Okay, I'm not trying to sell it piece by piece, it's a development deal, and that's what happens, it's my job. But do you understand that I grew up here? That bakery has been in my family for 30 years. My parents, they poured their heart and soul into that business. And that's not gonna change. It's not like we're trying to bulldoze the place and turn it into a department store. My dad though, he made all those tables and chairs by hand. I mean can't you imagine how hard that would be just to have it all thrown away? Then why not honor him? Okay, you're selling it to a resort chain that's gonna turn it into a restaurant, it's not so bad, and you're gonna walk away with a chunk of change to set your daughter up for the future, there's nothing wrong with that. You are just trying to make a sale. You know, I saw you earlier with Olivia, by the way. She was so sad, I didn't know what to say. Yeah, well, that is the power of a child's tears. Oh, she comes to me with that face, how can you not give her the world? I don't know how you, you don't spoil her rotten. [laughs] [♪] What? No, nothing, just seems like you might have a heart in there after all, Mr. Matthew. Oh, ho-ho, high praise from the pesky baker. Maybe if I stick around here long enough you'll give me a real compliment, or maybe that dinner. Wow, you just cannot turn this charm off, can you? Oh, Lindsey, hi! Oh, my gosh, I've been looking for you everywhere. Is the pageant still going on? Big finale left, go, go, go, go! Bring the star, bring the star! - Okay, yeah. - Yeah, we need the star, oh, got it, okay. Here you go, all right. ♪ ...Eight maids a milking ♪ Seven Swans a Swimming ♪ Six Geese a Laying ♪ Five Golden Rings ♪ Four Calling Birds ♪ Three French Hens ♪ Two Turtle Doves ♪ And a Partridge in a Pear Tree ♪ [applause & cheering] Thank you all so much for coming. Please join us for dancing and refreshments and congratulate all our amazing performers. [applause] [♪] ♪ Ring the bell, blow the horn, let the music play. ♪ ♪ School is out and you will shout, know it's a holiday. ♪ ♪ Decorating the big pine tree... ♪ Livi, you were so wonderful! I was so proud of you. Thank you, I did it just like we practiced. You were great, too, mom. - Wasn't she great? - Yeah. You were amazing. You really think so? Oh yeah, you kicked butt. You really showed those guys. High five, down low, too slow, in space, in your face! Okay, let's go get - you some snacks. - Okay. Ah, good idea. Oop. You know Paul can't nail a board to the floor. He only volunteered because of you. - What? - Yeah. Oh no, Rose, I'm not ready for that. He's coming over, act natural. Rose, Martha, what would this town do without ya? - Oh, thank you, Paul. - Oh, thank you, Paul. Oh, you played beautifully. Oh, I didn't do very much, it was Martha really. And that little Olivia, what a firecracker. She's very talented. Um, would, would you care to dance? It's one of my favorites. Just one? Of course, Paul. [♪] Don't you think it was really funny when the elves did those things? Um. Yeah, when they bumped into each other and the reindeer had to help them up. - The reindeer. - Oh, that was really funny, yeah. I love a reindeer. What else did you all like about the play? Uh, I mean I'm personally gonna say the ending of it... The ending, yeah. ...it was great. You were fantastic, as we knew you would be. ♪ When I look into your eyes, I realize that my love for you, more than true. ♪ ♪ Christmas time with you, more than enough for me. ♪ [♪] ♪ Christmas time with you... ♪ I'm sorry, Paul, I just, I just can't. [♪] [♪] Oh, I got to go. You were so great, Olivia. Best Partridge in a pear tree I've ever seen. Bye guys. Bye. Lindsey's my Mommy's best friend. She's also your - teacher, too, right? - Yeah. Well that's pretty cool. Pretty cool. Mommy, can Mr. Matthew come to dinner? Oh, I don't think... Dinner, huh? ...that he has time for dinner. Oh yeah, I got lots of time for dinner. Please, please, please. Okay. Yea! All right. [♪] So, you're coming to dinner now. What's on the menu? Have you seen this dance that all the kids are doing these days? That's my deal closing dance. [laughs] [♪] ♪ Have yourself a holiday, a happy day, merry Christmas. ♪ ♪ Oh, am I a good kid at Christmas? ♪ ♪ How I love the scent of pine ♪ ♪ And snowy Christmas postcards... ♪ [cell phone ringing] Hello. Matthew, how's it going? It's going great. I'm looking at the contract right now. Looks like we're gonna get the signature and everything finalized by December 23rd. Really? Because I had an interesting conversation with your junior manager today. Rebecca? Yes, she seems to think you could have closed the deal by now, but that you're sitting on it. I'm not sitting on the deal, sir. I'm just making sure everyone's onboard and that we're clear what we're offering them. I'm just being thorough. Listen, Matthew, if you can't close this deal by the 23rd. What, you're gonna give this account to my assistant? I didn't say that. Just close the deal. I got a meeting with Mike on the 23rd at four o'clock. Now you give me something good to bring back to him or... Or what? Just get it done. Yes sir. [♪] So, Matthew, where you from? I'm from Vermont. That's lovely. Is your family still there? Yes, yeah, my Mom is a nurse and my brother owns a custom furniture shop. Do you make furniture with your brother? Not anymore, I live in Miami now. What do you do in Miami? I am a consultant for a real estate development firm. What the heck is a consultant? I help property owners sell to businesses that want to buy their properties. What do you make? Not everyone makes things, Livs. Actually, I do make some things. Here, I'm working on this. What is it? I don't know yet. I figure it out as I go. My Dad taught my brother and I to carve when we were about your age. So, it's gonna be like a toy or something? Yeah, whatever you want it to be. You just slowly carve away at it until it becomes something great. Patience is key, that's what my Dad used to say, it's all in the quality of the work. Back then, my brother and I, we got asked by all kinds of people to make furniture. Oh, like tables and chairs and things like that? Oh yeah, tables and chairs. We could use some new tables and chairs. Could you now? You're still doing that down in Miami? No, no, I haven't made anything in a long time. Why not? I've just been too busy. Do you have a wife? Olivia. What? No, I don't - have a wife. - Why not? It's kind of a sad story, Olivia. I was gonna get married four years ago, and my fiancée passed away in an accident. Oh, Matthew, I'm so sorry for your loss. Thanks Martha. How did she die? Allison: Okay, let's eat. [♪] [water running] Here you go. Thank you. You wash, I dry? Sure. Hey, sorry about Olivia and all of those questions. It's not a problem, she's a kid, it's what they do, right? She is a curious one. I can't believe that you guys know Santa and Mrs. Claus. Shut up. And I can't believe that they're fans of your cookies. Rudolph is a huge fan. If they're anything your guilt croissant, then it would make me a believer. I mean I'd make the trip from the North Pole. You know, Prancer is a huge fan of the guilt croissant. I wonder what Cupid eats. Cupid never flies here. Cupid, yeah, a different holiday, right? Isn't that a reindeer? Dasher and Cupid and Blitzen. Blitzen, Donner, Cupid and Blitz, yeah, Cupid, yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought there - was a Cupid. - It's, that's you're my phone a friend. [♪ Instrumental ♪] [♪ Silent Night Instrumental ] [Martha humming] [♪ Silent Night Instrumental ] [doorbell jingling] [♪ Silent Night Instrumental ] Hi. Yeah, we'll just set up right over here, I think. Can I help you? Yes, are you the owner, Allison Brentley? I am. Are you willing to do an interview on camera? Um, right now? Yeah, just come on over this way. Right, we'll film this and we'll do the intro later. Is, where are you from? Just look right - into the camera. - Just the camera? Just right at the - camera, there you go. - Okay. I'm here with Allison Brentley, owner of the Rocky Top Bakery in White Pines, Tennessee, who claims to have Santa's favorite cookies. Tell us about the experience, Allison. Were Santa's cheeks as rosy as they're famed to be? Your daughter, Olivia, made a statement that you were visited by Santa and Mrs. Claus not too long ago. They sampled all sorts of cookies, is this correct? Um, yes, my daughter saw a very sweet couple that came here, um, to sample some cookies for a Christmas party. A party? Yes, a party they're having on Christmas Day. At the North Pole, I assume. I don't think it's at the North Pole. Tell me how did Santa come to stumble upon this small and charming town? His wife came in first and bought some cookies. Oh, Mrs. Claus found it, of course. Now tell me, how did you come to run this establishment that makes Santa's favorite cookies? Well, my father grew up here, and then when my grandfather passed away, he turned it into this bakery. And why a bakery? My Mom, who is back there, is an amazing baker, so he did it for her. Fascinating stuff here at the Rocky Top Bakery. You may come for Santa's favorite cookies, but you'll leave with just about everything in the display case. I'm Josie Andelman wishing you all a very happy holiday. That should work. Can you get a few establishers outside and we'll be good to wrap? Um, can I ask how you knew about Olivia's letter? Buzz News posted an article about it yesterday, it already has about three million impressions on social media. Wait, what? Yeah, you know how these viral things go, people watch a cute uplifting story about a little girl who thinks her Mommy makes Santa's favorite cookies, and people just keep sharing it. I expect business will pick up. [doorbell jingling] Santa's favorite cookies. Three million. [laughs] Wow! [♪] News: White Pines is going crazy for Rocky Top Bakery's cookies. They're the talk of Tennessee. Better get some while they last. Thank you so much! [♪] Kentucky, sure we could do that. Canada? [♪] Merry Christmas! Japan? [♪] [knocking] Well, hello, what's going on in here? Just reminding Clive of his options. His options, right. Well, here's half the deposit, and I'll have the rest for you on Christmas Day. Sounds good to me. Thanks Allison. Of course. Don't you need that money to pay for your overdue bills or something? With all the business coming in, I am actually all caught up on my bills. Thank you so much for asking. Have a wonderful day. Bye Clive! Bye. [♪] Thank you again. - Merry Christmas! - Merry Christmas! I hope you love your cookies and have a great holiday! Oh! [♪] Oh! Hey there, everybody. Hi. Hi Mr. Matthew. Hi. Um, I just wanted to see if I could get your autograph. Did you know that we got an order today from Japan? Well it doesn't surprise me. Can I help you with something? I want to know if I can get one of those famous cookies. We are actually all sold out. Oh! Momma, listen, listen. News: That's right, folks, the tiny town of White Pines is now being dubbed White Pines, home of Santa's favorite cookies. Internet sensational started with a little girl named Olivia, spotting Santa and - Mrs. Claus in their bakery. - That's you! Did you know that Santa's favorite cookie is chocolate chip? No kidding now. Up next, we got a foot tapping holiday song and some more of your favorite Christmas classics. Did you hear them say my name? [laughing] Come on, come on, come on. I'm not really a dancer. You're gonna have to now. Okay, okay, fine. All right, all right, all right, all right. [♪] I think that's pretty good. Momma, come on. Okay. [♪ Jingle Bells Instrumental ] Did you ever dance with - a little lamb before? - Never. [♪ Jingle Bells Instrumental ] Okay, my little lamb, I think we've got to get you ready for bed. Ah, Momma, can't you read me The Night Before Christmas again? I told you, Grammy's gonna tuck you in bed tonight, so Momma can make all those cookies, okay. - Go ask her. - Okay. - Good night. - Good night. [♪] Momma, did you ever find the angel? Oh, our angel, I'm so sorry, baby, but I think our angel may be just lost or in a different box. But Granddad - bought me that. - I know. It goes right there. He said that the angel was the one who told the shepherds where to go, and how are they supposed to find their way without an angel? I tell you what, I'm gonna keep looking for it, okay. Good night. Okay, good night. I love you. - Love you, too. - Good night. He said good night. I said good night. Good night. [laughs] Well. Maybe I should go. [clears throat] Congratulations. Thank you. Um, unless... I don't know, um, you want to stay and help me bake these cookies. We have a huge order that just came in. Yeah. Okay. I don't really know what I'm doing. Well, I'll get - you an apron. - Okay. - Come on in. - All right. [♪] [♪] So, we're gonna add some baking soda. - Okay, okay. - And a pinch of salt. - Yeah. - What is that? Oh, my gosh. In band camp. No, that's good. - It's good? - That's good, that's good. There you go. [♪] We got a pin. [♪] We're just gonna roll it into a little ball, very nice. Yeah? [♪] [laughs] No, ba-ba-ba-ba, no eating the cookie dough. Why not? People buy this and they eat it. They sell cookie dough ice cream. That's a gingerbread man. [♪] High five! [♪] [♪] Good evening, Rebecca. Good evening, Bill. Well, have a good night. You too. [♪] They still need five more minutes. Uh, oh, my gosh, this first batch is unbelievable. Good. Mm, you know what would make it better though? Oh-oh, what's that? A glass of milk. Are you saying my cookies aren't good enough on their own? No, I'm not saying that, come on, it's an unbelievable cookie. But, you know, you add a glass of milk and some things are just better together. Well, okay then. Here you go. Thank you very much. I can't believe I helped you make cookies for Santa. [laughing] Don't make fun of my kid. I'm not, I'm not, it's amazing, it's the best marketing ploy I've ever seen. No town have ever sold and has ever thought to claim Santa as a way to bring in business. [laughs] What? Nothing. You just confuse me, I think. How's that? One minute you're trying to evict me and then the next you're dancing with my kid and you're looking at me like that. Well, I keep this up and I won't be getting that promotion. A promotion, huh? Oh yeah, if I don't make this sale, then I'm getting fired. It's a gut feeling. How can you care so much about a job when they clearly don't care anything about you? Well, it's a little more complicated than that. How is that? Well, I moved to Miami about four years ago, and I kind of became obsessed with work, every sale was a challenge, you know, how to, how to sell the fastest, how to earn the most money, how to attract the best clients, just helped. It helped? Yeah, it helped move forward from the accident. Oh. I think work's my girlfriend. I got to break up with work. So, what are you gonna tell it? I think I might go with the classic it's not you, it's me. It's solid. Yeah, or maybe I'll try, I need to focus on my career right now. But won't that confuse work if you use work as the excuse to break up with work? [crack] - Oh! - Oh! Are you okay? You're okay. [laughing] I'm okay. You're fine. Wow, that's embarrassing. It just broke. This is one of the chairs your Dad built? Well, it was, yes. [laughing] You know, what you've done here is pretty impressive, it's inspiring. I bet you say that to all the bakers. Just the pesky ones. Seriously though, you travel around all the time, you're so handsome, you must have all kinds of girls. There's no girls, not since Laura. You know, I used to think that, um, I had my one true love, had my shot, I'll never get that again. Yeah, I understand that. When Olivia's Dad left, I kind of decided I was done with love, too. Olivia is my life now, so she gets all my heart, and if I don't let anyone else in, no one can leave us. How could anyone leave you two? I haven't talked about this. In a long time. Yeah. [♪] You just, ah. Thank you. [♪] [ding] Well. Round two. I'll just, I'll go get them, yeah. [♪] News: A white Christmas indeed. If you're just tuning in, it looks like the snowfall... Good morning, it's a white Christmas. Yeah. The storm is estimated to begin around 10:00 a.m., and the torrential snow, ice and wind will not stop until into tomorrow afternoon, Christmas Eve. So, what's going on? They're canceling flights, closing down the airports. So? The order. We need to get to the post office. [car horn honking] Hey, do you know what that honking is? Isn't it for you? Matthew Gilbert? - Yeah. - Dude, where's your stuff? What are you - talking about? - Your flight leaves in one hour and we have to drive to Knoxville first. - My flight? - Just go get your stuff, I'll be out here. The airport is about to shut down, we have to leave now, just go get your stuff. Hey, do you know where Rebecca is? She checked out this morning, don't you know? What, she checked out? She said she was going to the airport to try and get a flight back to Miami. [phone ringing] Answering machine: Hi, you've reached Rebecca Roe. Leave a message. [beeping] [phone ringing] Matthew, I'm glad you called, I was just about to. Why didn't you tell me that Rebecca was leaving early? It's done, Matthew. Rebecca closed the deal this morning. What? She did what you didn't have the courage to do. The car should be there by now, I booked you on the last flight out of Knoxville. Why didn't you tell me about this? Haven't you been checking your email? My assistant booked everything last night after we heard about the storm. I, I can't leave right now, there's still, there's still a lot left I have to do. Matthew, go home to Vermont, think about some things. We'll discuss this mess after the New Year, and maybe then you can tell me if you're really dedicated to this position. [beep] Mr. Mulligan, I mean I am dedicated. We, Mr. Mulligan? You keep hanging up on me. [car horn honking] I have to go find someone, okay. No, no, no, the highway is about to close. Unless you want to spend Christmas in White Pines, we got to go. Okay, wait, give - me my jacket. - You won't need your jacket. No, I need my jacket. Just a second, okay. What's going on? Just tell Allison I'll fix everything, okay. - Fix what? - Just tell her I'll fix it. Tell her, please! Okay, okay. [♪] Last box, let's get to the post office. Okay. [doorbell jingling] Paul, hey, we were just coming to you, we've got to get these boxes out today. I'm sorry, Allison. Oh no. They're not doing pick ups today 'cause of the storm. Well, can't we just drive somewhere and drop them off? Well, no, all the courier flights have been grounded. Paul, we have, like, a hundred pounds of cookies. The Governor is about to shut down the highways. It's too dangerous to go anywhere. There's no deliveries coming in or out of White Pines, and on Christmas Day there's no post. I'm sorry. Well, we were counting on that money to get the deposit to Clive. All right, well if you need me, I will be upstairs, eating my feelings. [♪] Martha, there's more. [cell phone buzzing] Pick up, pick up, pick up. [cell phone ringing] [sigh] [cell phone ringing] [beep] [♪] [cell phone ringing] Hi Mom. Yeah, I'm on my way to the airport right now. Yeah, it looks like I'll make it, coming home for Christmas this year. Well, I made a promise, Mom, and I won't break it. I'm excited, too. Yeah, I'll, I'll see ya soon. All right, I love you. I love you, too, Mom. All right, bye-bye. Yeah, we can talk about it then, Mom, okay. Bye-bye. [beep] [♪] [sigh] [♪] [cell phone ringing] [cell phone buzzing] Mommy, why are you eating Santa's cookies? Well, you know how it's snowing really hard? [♪] [cell phone ringing] Hey Mom, have you seen my phone? No, honey. There it is. - Allison? - Yeah. Can I speak to you for a minute? I need to tell you something. You okay? Sometime late last night, Clive signed. They filed the papers and they left a copy in the post office. Paul saw it when he got in. Signed, like? It's done. They are sending out a sales contract for our property. We have two months to get out. No, no, no, no, no, that can't. I, I've got to go talk to Matthew. No, no, no, no, honey, honey, they are gone. A car came and, and then picked them up this morning. Sarah Grace saw them leaving the B&B. They must have gotten one of the last flights out before the storm shut everything down. [♪] Wait, so he just left? Are you sure? I'm so sorry. [♪] Okay, we're gonna figure this out. [♪] [♪] Are you asleep? [♪ Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy instrumental ♪] [cell phone buzzing] I don't want to talk about it, Mom. He could be calling to explain himself. It doesn't matter. He got what he wanted and then he left. Trust me, I've been here before, he's feeling guilty now and he's just trying to make himself feel better. He'll stop calling eventually. It's best not to answer. [♪] Mom, Mom, I'm home! Matthew, oh, you made it! Of course, I made it, I told you I was gonna make it. You knew I would, Mom. Come on, dinner's gonna get cold. All right. [♪] [♪] [humming] I like that song. O Holy Night, it's my favorite, too. I can't wait to hear Alicia sing it tonight. Merry Christmas Eve morning, Momma! Merry Christmas Eve morning. It's always so, so cold.[cell phone ringing] Hello. Oh, hi Alicia. What? Oh no. No, no, no, no, that's okay, don't worry. We're fine, don't worry about it. No, no, no, Merry Christmas. Oh no, I just lost my soloist. Alicia is snowed in, apparently their car is covered, there's no way they're gonna make it in for the Christmas Eve service tonight. Well, why don't you sing it? Oh, it's O Holy Night, I can't sing that high. Then sing something else. Honey, I haven't sung in years, I can't do that. Mom, I know. Mom, I need you to sing, please. [♪] Okay. Grandma's gonna sing! Grandma's gonna sing, Grandma's gonna sing, No more sugar for you. Grandma's gonna sing, Grandma's gonna sing, Grandma's gonna sing. [♪] Martha, there is nothing I can do. Paul, White Pines has been my home for over 40 years, you are the Mayor, you can't let them do this to us. They got the signature they need. There must be something you can do! If you can't find a way, I will! You want to read all the fine print in a hundred and thirty-page document? I've read it, I've read it twice. Martha, look, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, um, I'll read it again. I will figure it out. I'll find a way! No, no, Paul, I'm not sorry, but I, I'm just not ready to. I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm not ready to let go of this place! I'm not ready to let go. Yeah. But I, I would like... ...I would like to try if you can be patient with me, I would like to try with you. I can be patient. Okay. [♪] ♪ Come on weatherman, give us a forecast snowy white. ♪ ♪ Can't you hear the prayers of every childlike heart tonight? ♪ ♪ Rockies are calling, Denver snow falling, somebody said it's four feet deep. ♪ ♪ But it doesn't matter, give me the laughter, I'm gonna choose to keep another tender Tennessee Christmas. ♪ ♪ The only Christmas for me. ♪ Where the love circles around us, like the gifts around our tree. ♪ ♪ Well, I know there's no snow up in Colorado, the might of we'll ever see. ♪ ♪ But a tender Tennessee Christmas is the only Christmas for me. ♪ ♪ A tender Tennessee Christmas is the only Christmas for me. ♪ [♪] [♪] Unicorn slippers, thank you! Knock, knock, Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas, Paul! I got unicorn slippers! Beautiful. And Olivia, this is for you. Thank you. I got you all a little something. You didn't have to do that. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh my. Ohhh. What is that? Know what it is? Backpack bunny! [laughing] Thank you. Oh, sweetie, Merry Christmas. [doorbell jingling] Who could that be? I don't know. [♪] Merry Christmas, Allison! [♪] How, how did you? When we got wind of the storm, we knew we had to come in person. I am so sorry we couldn't get the boxes out in this storm. Oh, don't be sorry, we knew that you couldn't ship the order out to us, so we came to you. And we did run across the nicest man who was also coming to White Pines. He said he had to take care of something, but he wanted me to give this to you, Allison. What is it? [♪] I think it's from Matthew. [♪] It's an angel. It's an angel. Now the shepherds know where to go! [♪] What, what is that? Um, it's an option to terminate a contract. And where did this beautiful chair come from? [♪] This will look great in here. Would you like some help taking these boxes of cookies to your car? Mr. Claus: Oh, we didn't drive, not in these snowy road conditions. [♪] [horse neighing] [♪] [horse neighing] [♪] - Best of luck. - Thanks so much, Clive. Matthew? Thank you, Matthew. Hey, Allison. Hi. Hi. Let me explain everything. Rebecca, she convinced Clive to sign. She told him that you signed off, I mean she even forged your signature on the copy to make him believe that you were giving up. Wait, what? He thought he might as well sell to us for more money if you had given up. Rebecca's trick almost worked, but she spelt your name wrong. I knew that you would never sign. Matthew. It's not everything. I know you promised Clive you'd buy his shop, but that, that can't happen anymore. Well, why not? Well, because... I bought it. Gilbert and Sons Custom Furniture just got a new branch. Did you like the chair? Yeah. Olivia, thank you. When I first came here, I couldn't remember what was really important in my life until I met you. Your passion for, for your family, for what you do, for this town and the legacy of this place, it's inspired me, it's inspired me to want to build something. I don't mean just furniture, I mean I want to build something with you. You do? Oh yeah, I do. Stack 'em up good, ho-ho-ho-ho. I drove all night to get here, and the roads were closed a couple of miles back and this couple picked me up in their sleigh. I swear they look just like... [♪] I want to build something with you, too. Mrs. Claus: Hey love birds! [♪] Thanks for the lift! Merry Christmas! - Merry Christmas! - Merry Christmas! Ho-ho-ho-ho. Allison: Merry Christmas! Matthew: Merry Christmas! Bye! Merry Christmas! Enjoy your cookies! All: Merry Christmas! Bye. Here comes a reindeer. Well look at you, you're flying. Yeah, you're flying, too. Woo-hoo! My little angel! [♪]