[music playing] KIM JAMESON: The Renaissance was a time of rebirth and rediscovery... a time when artists took a fresh look at the world in which they lived. And these artists helped to rekindle a sense of adventure and romance as they struck out to discover things about themselves and the world that they had never taken a close look at before. Now during this period, each city had a school of art with its own style and approach. But all were dedicated to a feeling for the individual, their personal emotions, and beauty. Now this can best be seen in the work of [inaudible] contemporary of,um, Veronese and Tintoretto. [bell tolling] [music playing] All of these painters explored light and dark with their use of color and composition. They were trying to illustrate the diversity of human nature and human individuality,the way in which all of us have a light side and a dark side to our nature. That sounds a little pretentious. OK, it's the right idea. Just try and not be so serious about it. OK, "Lady in Reflection" Illustrates that essential quality. It also reminds us that the face we show the world is often different from our true self. Now, despite the impression of vanity, [inaudible] interest was in showing that true beauty comes from within. Ms. Jameson, the rest of the campus is under the impression it's summer break. The rest of the campus don’t have a doctoral thesis to deliver this fall. And besides my lectures, I have about three dozen research papers to read, not to mention your text. What kind of a summer is that? My dear, you are without a doubt our brightest graduate student. Your scholarly instincts are remarkable. But a work of art depends as much on what we bring to it as what the artist gives us to look at. Art is only a reflection of life, Ms. Jameson. It is necessary for us to have a life before we can truly appreciate it. You need to show your true face to the world. Maybe after I have my PhD. Well, right know, I need you to join the class outside. Oh, not another group picture. Just say... Cheese! Sorry, I forgot to advance the film. I hate having my picture taken. Now, now, Miss, Jameson,leave us not be testy. This is my end of term portrait,and you more than anyone should appreciate the photographic process. Smiles everyone. [click] There. All right, now. Ready? Cheese! I thought it might be you. Kate! Oh, it is so good to see you. I just got in from Paris. Duty free. I knew I couldn't count on you for anything stronger than tea. Welcome home! How did you get in? What do you think? I told the doorman I forgot my key. He said that he liked your new look. Oh, that old game. As fun as it ever was. Yeah, it was fun when we were kids. That's right, uh, you haven't like playing it since, what was his name? It's Peter Robinson. Oh God, I have missed you, Kate. Mmm, the name is Dominique now, remember? What? You all right? You look tired. Yeah, you just haven't seen me in a while. Four years isn't a while. Has it been that long? Mm-hm. Even longer since you've seen mom and dad. Well, they must be happy with all your degrees. I think that they’re proud of both of us, Kate. Well, so we should celebrate! Put on your party dress because I am taking you dancing. Nah, I don't think that... Mmm, thinking is not required. What is required is something black and sexy. I've got one you can wear. I came in town to do a favor for a friend and I may as well do you a favor and get you out too. Come on.[excited chatter and cheers] [inaudible] beautiful. Thank you. Wow, I can't wait to tell Mr.Arneau how fabulous this is. Anything for Jacques. Would you take care of my sister please? Oh, sure. [inaudible] Come on, please. Let the lady through. What were you doing? This really isn't my style, Kate. Come on. You're going to go have a good time whether you want to or not. [dance music] I can't believe you get paid for this. We just put this dump on the map. Hey, Dominique. Care to dance? [dance music] [groaning] Start up. OK. Thanks, Tony. I'll let Jacques know what a hit you were. Anything for Jacques. Come on, what are we waiting for? Sorry, it's been a long day. The jet lag finally hit. Take it easy. Ooh. [laughs] Oh. KIM: Maybe you should just lay off. Oh if I need it, I'd take it. If I don't, I don't. You've been drinking all night. Why don't you get a life,Kim, so you don't envy mine? I don't envy alcoholics, Kate. I work hard. It steadies me. Right now, you got to be steady enough to climb Mt. Everest. Cut the sarcasm, Kim. It doesn't suit your image. The way falling down drunk suits yours? God, Kate, I'm so sorry. Look, I'm in trouble, OK? Are you satisfied? I arrive late at photo sessions. I can't walk straight sometimes. I need one of these or I can't even remember where I'm supposed to be. I want to stop and I'm not strong enough. Well, you don't have to do this alone. There's a good rehab center here. I can't. My career would be over in a week. Come on, recovery is a status symbol. Everybody who's anybody is coming back from something. Look. This is Jacqueline, Kim... little miss young and ruthless. She wants to be the next Chamber 10 cover girl. If they found out I was drying out, she'd take my place. And once you're off the cover, you never get back. We're talking about your life, Kate. This is my life. Without it, I don't have anything. I wish I could take your place. What did you say? I said, it's... it's too bad I can't fill in for you. No. Yes. No. Yes. Take my place. Kate, don't be crazy. I told you that I never... It would work, Kim. You'd save my career and my life. No. Please? It's the only way. You'd check into rehab? Yes. I can't do the things that you do I don't have your grace or your style. I'll teach you. Kim, it would work people always got us confused. We're from different worlds now. I could never be as free as you are. I don't have your strength.- You call this strength? - It would never work. - You wanna bet? Get rid of that ponytail. So? What do you think? This is too crazy for words,but I'll try if you'll try. That's better. Good. Come on back. One, two, three four. One, two, three, four. Kate, this will never work. I can't do this on a runway. So you won't have to. We only do the big runway shows when we're debuting the new lines. The Chamber 10 line doesn’t debut for six weeks. You said you only had tobe in the clinic for four. Yeah, but I still have to act like a model. You only have a few private showings scheduled at the salon. Henri will be so happy I'm not bumping into the customers, he won't notice your technique. Henri? Henri Chambertin of the house of Chambertin. Actually, I should draw you a floor plan. Paul is his doorman. You have a nodding acquaintance with the salesgirls, and Marie is the chief fitter. I helped her out of a jam a little while ago, so if you need her, you can count on her. Now who's he? Philip Clairmont. He's an American. He's Henri's new partner,bought a controlling interest in the company last year. He's not bad looking. KATE: Yeah? Well, he doesn't have much use for me. He would love to fire me, but he can't. Why not? Because I'm a star. The question is, am I? This will tell you about everyone and everything you'll need to know for the next month. What about the man they opened the club for, Jacques Arneau? He's gone to Hong Kong for a month, so you don't have to worry about him. Is he someone special? No, he owns some nightclubs. He sort of designs the scene. Just forget about him. It's almost 3:00. Well, let's get ready and get out of here before I change my mind. KIM: Kate, relax. Fair Oaks has a great reputation. They're among the best in the world, and they're very discrete. I know this is hard, Kate, but you’re doing the right thing. Maybe you should just phone and tell them you don't know where I am. I'll figure out something later. No, it'll work out. Just leave it to me and concentrate on getting better. Ms. Jameson? I'll take you up and register you now. The doctor will be along later. And don't worry. We're here to help you through this, not judge what brought you to us. I'll call you as soon as I can. I'm sorry, there are no calls or visits allowed for the first three weeks. It's best for all concerned. I love you, Kate. And don't worry about a thing. Mademoiselle Dominique? Mademoiselle Dominique? Monsieur Arneau requested we meet your plane. We? He felt the world should know Dominique had returned to Paris. [photographers chatter] Stop. Um, stop. Stop... [speaking french] [music playing] Welcome home. I'm sorry I had to send the limo instead of meeting you in person. You like the flowers? Yes, thank you. I thought that you had,uh, business in Hong Kong. Yes, I made my business arrangements more quickly than I expected. The new club owner said you were wonderful. I'm glad. Perhaps it's time to discuss another type of performance. Excuse me? I told you when I came back from Hong Kong, I wanted to discuss an important matter. Don't tell me you’ve forgotten, [speaking french] Actually, uh, I'm a little tired. Would you mind if we discuss it later? Fair enough. But we can't leave it too long, can we? Let's have dinner at [inaudible] this week. That would be fine. Don't forget to dream of me. [music playing] [phone ringing] Hello? Who? Henri. No, of course I haven't forgotten. My plane was late. I'll be right there. [music playing] [SINGING] I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do anything. I'll do anything. I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything. I'll do anything for you. And I will like. Mademoiselle Dominique. Good morning, Paul. Good morning, Dominiques. Good morning. Paul's the door man. You have a nodding acquaintance with the sales girls. Marie is the fitter. [WHISPERS] Just confidence. Relax. Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry, Sorry. I see you decided to come back to us. Yeah, I just went away for a few days. Without letting anyone here know where you were going. Won't happen again. You may still think you’re a star, but some of us are having our doubts. I didn't realize that visiting my sister was any of your business. Anything that takes you out of Paris is my business. Including my private affairs. When you go out of town to open a new club for Arneau, I can't help thinking you have something to hide. And I can't help thinking that you're... Dominique? This can't be you. Look at her, Phillip. She has put on at least five pounds. I think she looks almost normal. My customers don't like normal women. We will have to give the finale to Jacqueline. She will never get into the gown. Yeah, she may have had too much home cooking, but she is not deaf. You can talk to me. And the gown will look better with more of me in it. What do you think, Phillip? I think if the gown, fits,we should let her wear it. Well, thank you. If you'll excuse me, Marie's waiting. Carmen, you're in the solids. Jacqueline, you're in the polka dots. Polka dots make me look like a child! You want me to tell Henri you think his collection is childish? Good morning. Your [inaudible] is there, Dominique. Sorry, I'm late. How was your mysterious weekend? Ah, uneventful. Jacqueline was hoping you'd fall in love and never come back. Oh, I'm sure Dominique would never let her heart interfere with your career. In fact, I heard she had it removed so it couldn't. Your sister must be an excellent cook. My sister? The one you went to visit. Why don't you put this on? It's wider in the hips. All right, everybody. Everybody else is free to leave for the day. Who are you? I know Dominique's body, and this is not it. Are you a twin? Yes. Why the hell did she send you? Where is she? She's in a rehab center. Oh, well, she finally admitted she has a problem. You are a model. I'm an art history student. You are as crazy as she is. You know you'll never get away with this. She needs to get well. I'm only going to cover for her for a month. A month? Oh no! The new line debuts next Saturday! Saturday? MARIE: Yes. She told me that it... No, no, no, no. Phillip brought the date forward to break the competition. This is our most important runway show in years. I can't fake a big fashion show. No, of course you can't! We're just going to have to go to Phillip and tell him the truth. - No, no, no. No, no.Saturday is almost a week away. We could... I could take lessons. You could teach me. No, I couldn't. Philip would find out immediately, and if you were found out on the runway, we'd all be finished. This is insane. Dominique told me that she helped you out of trouble once. So? So maybe it's your turn to help her out. Dah! Please, Marie. She loses her career, she'll never get sober. That's true. Oh, all right. All right. I guess I owe her that much. Thank you. You just save your thanks until we know that this works. OK. MARIE: And lose those few pounds. [music playing] [SINGING]I'll do anything. I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything. Everything. [inaudible] I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything. I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything happily, happily. I trust you know where these go. La-la. [inaudible] Mademoiselle. [whistles] [music playing] [SINGING] I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything. I'll do anything for you. I'll do anything happily, happily. You know, you and your sister have more in common than you think. KIM: Yeah? Mm-hm. Come and sit down for a while. KIM: No, I've got to go for a run. Ah, there's no need to push yourself so hard. Besides, Phillipe said he likes you with your new curves. I don't know how Kate does this. Who's Kate? That was my sister's real name. You know, I always thought that she lived this soft life. A lot of parties, a lot of boyfriends. Oh, she has a few. Jacques Arneau? Never struck me as her type. Well, she came home to do him a favor. He seems to expect something more. You be careful. He may be a charmer. Hm, he has all the charm of a cobra. I can't thank you enough for all you've done for us. Oh. Your sister has a lot of faults, but she helped me when I desperately needed money. It was very selfless of her. That seems to run in your family. Yeah, Kate sure can mess things up, but she has spirit. Now that is the attitude you need for the runaway, that spirit. A body is just a body. The very best models, they do it all up here. Up here. Mm-hm. It's the ultimate strut your stuff, yes? Yes You have to believe that you are the most beautiful woman in the world. If you believe it, they will. [music playing] Thank you. It's nerves. [music playing] Good. You will be perfect. Believe it. [music playing] Don't stumble tonight, Dominique. [music playing] Oh, God. What's the matter with her? [music playing] [applause] AUDIENCE: Bravo! [applause] [cheering] You top that, if you can. [music playing] She's a genius! You'll sell out the line. I hope so, Henri, for both our sakes. [music playing] You were inspired! Mmm! Actually, I was scared stiff. Ha ha! And how are you now? Exhausted. Oh. My dear, you were superb! Everybody wants to meet you! Everybody! Oh, well done, my child. Nice work. Come, [inaudible]. [music playing] Excuse me. Let me take you home. - Ah, no. Henri said... I don't care what Henri said. I'm taking you home before you fall down, OK? Excuse us. You don't know how much I appreciate this. It's very gallant of you. Well, good... Are you capable of undressing on your own? Yes, I'm quite capable of undressing on my own. You're wearing Henri's merchandise. Sorry. I should... I'll be back in a second. Oh, and thank you, for getting me out of there because I was... oh... fading fast. [inaudible] I thought the show went quite well. I was concerned what effect a drunken model would make on the customers. Hey! I am not drunk, I'm exhausted. I work my behind off for this show. Then get some sleep. You have a photo shoot first thing tomorrow. [music playing] Yes! Perfection! Enough. Thank you, my dear. That's all for today. Dominique, we do the covers now. But first, we change the lighting, so take a break. Do you like it? Yeah, it shows less linear emphasis than his early work, and his use of light and color is much more confident. You certainly know what you're talking about. Forgive me for assuming you'd had too much to drink last night. It's not like I haven’t given people that impression. You like this collection? Yes, I'm write... I'm reading a book on it. I get my thoughts down and I compare them with the books at home. Is Venetian Renaissance art your specialty, or do you have broader tastes? Such as? Favorite work? Actually Actually, something that I've never seen. What is it? It's a bronze in the private collection of the Marquis de Belliveau. Really? Oh, Nick! How nice to see you! Jacques? Congratulations. on last evening. Your string of triumphs continues. Thank you. Monsieur Claremont, it seems our friend has assured that Chambertin will survive one more season. House of Chambertin is as solid as ever, Monsieur Henri. Taste is a fickle commodity. No one knows that better than I. Or I. I believe the, uh, museum is closed to the public for the day. Yes, so I understand. I, however, came to see Dominique. Excuse me. I made a reservation for this evening. 8 o'clock, all right? Dominique? 8:00... ah, sure. Um, if you'll excuse me, Jacques, I have to get back to work. JACQUES: Don't be late. Your career may depend on it. Has she changed since she came back, or is it just me? No, she's not the same woman. Not at all. [music playing] [knocking] [knocking] Hi. Hi. In the 16th century, the Marquis de Belleville came to my family to borrow money to buy works of art. Came to your family... I... I thought that you were American. Well, yeah. I mean, for the last couple of hundred years, sure. But, uh, before the revolution,we Claremonts were counts, dukes, whatever you want. I had no idea that I was talking to royalty. Well, hardly. But you did say they had a sculpture you wanted to see. KIM: I've never seen so many beautiful sculptures. Look at this place! And no one here to enjoy it. Makes it a privilege to show it to somebody who will. Thank you. I come here a lot by myself. Yeah, right. It's true, I do! For 1,000 years before the revolution, we Claremonts were patrons of the arts. It's something I'd always wanted to get back to. Oh, is that why you invested in the fashion business? Well, yeah, I always wanted to return to Paris, and fashion in its way is an art form. Yeah. So I'd been led to believe the house of Chambertin could be profitable. What, it's not? Well, Henri is a great artist,but, uh, his business sense is nonexistent. We needed a very good season. Needed. We're about to launch the new season now. This morning, somebody broke into Henri's office while we were doing your cover shots. Some sketches and the Muslims patterns were stolen. Why would anyone steal his work? Well, it happens from time to time in this business... mass marketers in the Far East using his patterns. Before we could even break this line, Henri's creations could be in hundreds of stories. Did you call the police? Publicity like this could ruin us. Do you have any suspects? Has to be somebody inside the firm. So I think they're working for Jacques Arneau. Arneau? Because of his clubs, he has access to all the right people and all the wrong ones. You don't think that I had anything to do with it. Not unless you can be in two places at once. Nope. Oh, that is more beautiful than I expected. You know, I feel like I'm just getting to know who you are. Yeah, I know what you mean. Wanna go out for dinner? I can't. I already have plans. Can't cancel them, huh? No. I want to. Maybe I can persuade you. Um, could you just take me home? Why? Because there's someone I have to see. Sure. [music playing] Oh no, mineral water, please. Thank you. Watching my weight. You look enchanting already, and no life is worth living without champagne. No, no, no. I should have known the paparazzi would be here. Dominique is on top once again. It would be a shame if this fame were fleeting. Did you get the sketches? The sketches? I'm disappointed. I heard there was a problem at Chambertin today. I was hoping that you’d finally come through for me. This is what you wanted to discuss. Don't play innocent. You weren't that drunk when I first told you about this. And we both agreed that friends should do each other favors, didn't we? Yeah, but it's too risky. Philip already suspects me because of our friendship. He does, does he? Maybe we should tell him the whole story. My dearest Dominique... what would he think if he knew that your wild evenings at my club could destroy the reputation of the house of Chambertin all by themselves? I doubt that he would listen to what you have to say. True, but he will believe his own eyes. Some may call that pornography. I prefer to think of it as art. Quite a night, wasn't it? Imagine how these would look in one of those magazines or on Philip's desk. They're fakes. My dear, we both know that you've lost entire days to the bottle. And I was always there, sweetheart, scraping you up off the floor when you couldn't move. I don't remember. Perhaps you were too drunk to remember what you were doing, perhaps not. Get me the sketches and muslin, Cherie. When I get them, you get these. And I am prepared to bring you down along with the house of Chambertin. SECRETARY [ON PHONE]: Fair Oaks Clinic. Yes, uh, Kate Jameson, please. It's an emergency. SECRETARY [ON PHONE]: I'm sorry,there's no contact allowed for the first three weeks. But if you'd like to leave a message... No, no, no, no. That's too complicated. Please just get her to call her sister as soon as she can. Thank you. Where's Marie? Being questioned by [inaudible].. His designs have been stolen. Speaking of which, have you seen Jacques Arneau lately? Don't bate me, Jacqueline,I'm not in the mood. From the screaming, it sounds like Marie is about to confess, whether she did it or not. Good. Maybe we'll get a cheap fitter who won't put me in polka dots. How can you treat her like this? All right, Marie,we'll speak to you later. That woman has given her life to the house of Chambertin. Yes, she also just bought herself a new apartment. So? Her husband died a year ago. He was a civil servant who never made enough money in his lifetime to buy a car, let alone an apartment. And that's enough to assume she’d destroy the only company she's ever worked for? But she just found an apartment and somebody else paid for it. I paid for it. You? Yes! But what didn't she say? Why should she? Why should I? How was your dinner? I heard you and Arneau were together all night. I have done nothing to hurt the house of Chambertin. That woman. One day, you want to fire her. The next, she's every passion you want to associate with your your designs. Henri, I think we should risk the publicity and go to the police. We'll explain these become the patterns to your creations, kind of a... a blueprint. This is not a blueprint! This is a vision... a one of a kind stroke of genius! Irreplaceable! We have to replace them. We have no choice. We can stay in business unless we market a full line of designs this season. Oh yes, have another vision. It's easy for you to say. Henri... No, no, no, no, no. No, it's the fate of the artist. I will go seek my muse. You just pray that I find her. Marie, why didn't you tell them that Dominique gave you the money? I thought it would make them suspect her. You probably would have been right. They know that I didn't steal the designs, but I don't know how deeply Dominique was involved. Meaning? Arneau has photos of her, the kind of photos that make you a little more than notorious. No! She would have agreed to do anything to keep them from being seen. And the way he saw it, it was obvious he thought she'd done it for him. I've always thought that man was dangerous. He's a street thug with money. You know, there's a rumor there is bad blood between him and Phillip. Well, whatever's going on, I just lied to Phillip to cover for Kate. Oh! You're very attracted to him, aren't you? Me? No, of course not. Oh, good. That's one less thing to worry about. OK, there is a little attraction. But it's not me that he sees. It's... it's Dominique. Oh? I knew we shouldn't have played that game again. Game? When I was 17, I met this boy, Peter Robinson. He was the first boy I ever had a crush on. He asked me out, but I had a term paper to deliver, so Kate took my place. And what happened? She was her usual boisterous self, and he fell in love with her. Oh, that girl. KIM: After that, we never played the game again. This is an exclusive original. I can't go on a catwalk like this. There is no catwalk. You walk among the guests. Oh, Jacqueline. Want to wear this? Trying to impress Phillip with your restraint? Oh look, Phillip brought a lady with him. Lovely, isn't she? Turn around, please. What do you think, Mimi? It's not really my style, Phillip. Thank you, Dominique. Dominique, I want you to meet Mimi. Um, actually, I'm on my way out. I'm pleased to meet you, Dominique. I can never wear clothes the way you do, not even when it's just [inaudible]. Dominique, my sister, Mimi Dupre. Your Your sister. Hi there. It's nice to meet you. Hi. You look like a Rafael Madonna. When are you due? Well, two weeks but might just as well be two months. Phillip tells me you're quite the art expert. Oh, hardly. Hardly. Well, I'm sure he's also told you that our family's had a long,uh, relationship with the arts. Yes, yes. Mimi spends much of her time raising money to restore damaged paintings. Ah, ah! I thought if I can get you to host one of our fundraisers, it might draw some attention. Oh, uh... mmm... Oh, you know, where Dominique goes, the press follows. It really would help. Do you want to sit down tomorrow night? My husband Stefan and I are staying with Phillip in the city until the baby is born. Please, say yes. Yes, yes. OK, I would be glad to help. Tomorrow evening. [music playing] What do you want now, Jacques? What I've always wanted, Cheri. I have customers who are getting anxious. Now where are those sketches? I told you, I don't have them. Don't lie to me! Now, I will give you one more day, or your career might not be the only thing I bring to an end. OK. Thank you. Wow, this is a stunning building. It's one of the last private houses in Paris. So how long have you lived here? Well, I lived here as a child, but, uh, my father, uh, was unhappy here, so we had to leave. It's hard to imagine not being happy here. [music playing] MIMI: Hi! Hi. Dominique, you remember my sister, Mimi. Hi. Thank you for coming. I hope you'll feel at home. Thank you for having me. Of course. She'll be dazzled by the meal I prepared. This is my husband Stefan. He, uh, likes to help in the kitchen. I had to pay my cook extra for the privilege. It's a pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. Your home is magnificent. The last count de Claremont had it built in 1770. Our father bought it and had restored. Ah, Philip told me that it was only a drafty old house. In France, understatement is. Everything Come on, let me show you around. If I'd said, come to our home with everything our terribly important family has ever bought, he'd have turned me down for sure. Mimi, your humility is showing. It comes from inbreeding and living too far from Versailles. Who's she? Our grandmother. I can see the resemblance. Do you have a painting of your mother? I do in my home, but, uh... Stefan, let's say we go get a nice bottle of wine, huh? I'll ask the butler to. I'd rather do it myself. [music playing] MIMI: Oh! Oh, oh, oh. You all right? Yes, sorry. The baby's just restless. Don't let Stefan know. He fusses. OK. And Philip is even worse. You two seem to be very close. Yeah. We had to learn to stick together. Our father brought the family to France when we were kids. He wanted to move back permanently. Then mother left him for another man. Sorry. Dad immediately took us back to the states. It was an awful time. Philip has never really trusted a woman since. Surely there must have been someone. Yeah, he's had girlfriends, but no one he's ever given his heart to. All right, you two. The cook says my first course is ready to serve. Great! Now we use the pregnant lady as a guinea pig, hm? Claremont used to be one of the most famous and respected titles in all of France. We still didn't keep our ancestors from losing their heads during the revolution. STEFAN: When Mimi wanted to marry me, her family was astounded. I'm just a mutt. But a very rich one. STEFAN: Would you like some coffee, Dominique? Oh, no thank you. Everything is delicious. I'll compliment the chef. Would you like to take a stroll? I guess what I'm asking you Todo is show me my own etchings. Well, I doubt that I can teach you anything about your own art. Well, you might be surprised. These brush strokes evolved into a figure. So you're saying the artist was just feeling the composition as he went along? Yes. The best don't really paint a picture. They make you feel it. When you sense that rush of emotion, you know that you're in the presence of great art. Yes you do. What a great place to grow up in. Oh, I think the beauty was lost on me then. My childhood is not something I remember fondly. Mostly, I remember being alone. You're very beautiful. Stefan says it's time to put the pregnant lady to bed. Thank you so much for oh! Mimi! Mimi! My God! - Get her onto a chair. No, no, no, no. Leave her here. Get her a pillow. Get her a pillow for under her head. Are you all right? Mm-hm. Oh, God. OK, call the doctor, Stefan. I'll get the car. No, call the doctor now. He's coming! What... The baby's coming. What? Just relax. Just relax. Stefan! [music playing] They are both going to be OK. Can we see her? We three are all going to the hospital for the night. We'll be here if you need anything. The baby would never have made it without you. Thank you. Thank you! Mmm! It was quite the night. You were amazing! I've never met anybody quite like you. [romantic music] [SINGING IN FRENCH] Fresh croissants from the local bakery. Mmm. And the coffee? I always make the coffee. Mmm, smells like heaven. You smell like heaven. Yeah? Have you always been this beautiful? Phillip, I want you to care about me for who I am. I want that too. I want to know all about you. I want to know all about your life. I want to know all about your family, why you chose modeling when art is obviously the thing closest to you, and why'd it take me so long to find out how incredible you are. I know why. Mimi. She told you about our... our mother. She was... she was very beautiful too. But it was her sole reason for [inaudible].. The day she left, she put her arms around me and said I love you more than anything in the world. And then she walked out and never came back. You're the first person I've ever told that to. Phillip, there's something I have to tell you. Not now. OK. You give up easily? Sure. [inaudible] people talking if we show up together? I [inaudible] speechless. I don't care. Mademoiselle Dominique? Monsieur Arneau asked me to get this to you right away. - [inaudible] - What is it? What is it? What is it? Come on. Just come on! What is it? Give it to me! Aren't you going to open it? No. What is it? Let's just go upstairs, OK? There something I shouldn't see? Phillip... where's Jacques? Up here, Cheri. Can I get you a drink,or are you still dieting? What did you hope to accomplish by sending me those photos? Just a reminder. I gave you fair warning. The next one will go to the press. Well, your little reminder was almost seen by Philip. I would have given anything to seen that little aristocrat's face if that had happened. Why is that? I hate all his kind, making people fawn over them and do their bidding just because they have money. Well, I hope that there’s more to this than that. My family worked their fingers to the bone for the Claremonts and they tore us apart. And? I don't need you to believe anything. I'll give you until tomorrow night to deliver those sketches. After that, I can't be held responsible for the consequences. Your time has run out, my sweet. Well, you can do whatever you want with the photographs because I'm going to the police. JACQUES: Don't forget to tell them you took the sketches, and I have a witness if you want to tell them about her. What witness? The newspapers will have a field day... those lurid photographs, top model brought down by her biggest rival. Jacqueline. This will give her everything she's always wanted. You're trapped. It's the flip side of the party, Dominique. Now go and get me what I asked for. If what you say is true, this is the end of the house of Chambertin. It's unbelievable... all this history ruined by some sordid little story. Could Jacqueline have stolen it for her? She's a hungry one. I've never seen anyone want a magazine cover like she does. But no one would stoop that low. Was she friend of Arneau's? No, no. She never goes to the clubs. Her career is everything. So what's going on with her and Dominique? You would have to ask your sister. I can't. The clinic called. She checked herself out and they don't know where she went. That girl. Well, maybe she didn't know that these things were going to happen. And maybe I don't know my sister at all. And maybe you should go back to your old life. These are not your problems. I can't. And finding out the truth is the only thing that's going to save her from Arneau. And maybe save you and Phillip? There's not much chance of that. Henri, what are you thinking? The new collection. No, no, I mean, are... are you going somewhere? Why are the drawings out? Well, because I've been working on the new collection. They are beautiful, yes? Yes, they are. I just hope we're the ones that get to sell them. You know, you’re practically inviting someone to come in and steal these. Oh, don't be ridiculous, Phillip. A true artist cannot function in an atmosphere of paranoia. Besides, I'm in a rush. I have tickets for the opera, and you know I hate to miss the overture. So I go! Henri. [music playing] Ah, wait here, please. Thank you. [music playing] Hello there. I'm looking for Jacqueline le Claire. Mama! What are you doing here? We need to talk. Wait for me in the front room. Mommy needs to talk to this lady. Come on, let's go to your room, OK? Your son's a beautiful little boy. What do you want? You have something which belongs to Henri. What makes you think that? Jacques told me. Why would you do something like this? Don't pretend you don't know. I don't know. You You had told him about my past. He's blackmailed me ever since. I never told him anything. Does he have something like that on you? He's playing us off of each other. Yes. He finds your weakness and exploits it. With you, it was your drinking. With me, it was what I came to care for my son. There were so many men offering money, and my son needed food. I was all alone. I was desperate. I... I thought if I took the drawings and told Jacques you had them... That it would finish my career. I thought maybe that would be the end of it. He'd have beaten Phillip. That's what he really wants. Why? His parents worked for the Claremonts until Philip's mother ran off with Jacques' father. Without his father, Jacques' family sank into poverty. He's always blamed the Claremonts for what happened. You'll have to return these. I can't! It was hard enough getting them out. No, it's impossible! Yes you can. You just walk in there, you put them back, and you walk back out again. I can't fight him. Wait. This won't stop him. I'll handle Jacques. [music playing] Hi, Paul. I'm just locking up, Miss Dominique. Um, I forgot my earrings. Just a second? All right. [music playing] I'm returning the sketches. Having taken the opportunity to copy them, no doubt. No. I'm returning the sketches for someone who took them and regretted taking them afterward. Who? I can't say. Oh, of course not. Tell me. How much is your friend Jacques paying you to do this? Philip, I didn't steal them. Stop lying to me. I'm not lying to you. When did you decide to use me me in your little game? Was it while we were waiting to see if Mimi and the baby would live? I didn't mean to hurt you. [music playing] Dominique? This cafe has inspired artists for centuries, all the greats. It's fitting you should choose for my latest triumph. I've never really thought of you as an artist, Jacques. You are the clay in my hands, Dominique. Where are those designs? Show me my talents have not been wasted. Blackmail isn't an art, it's a crime. Such ugly words from such a beautiful woman. You disappoint me. Why? Because I'm not afraid of your photographs or your threats? Because I'm not afraid of a low life pimp? Don't tempt me, Dominique. Give me those sketches or I will ruin your career. You see, I don't think it's the sketches that you really want because that's not interesting enough for you. Jacques, you want to use me, at least give me the satisfaction of knowing why. I want to see Phillip's face when all he has left are his title and his arrogance. I want to see him drowning in your betrayal. You're unbelievable. Thank you. Now give me those sketches. My buyer is waiting. My photographs, Jacqueline’s photographs with negatives. No. I ask myself, why would you help her? She hates everything about you. Well, that's the deal. You don't have them. Now, it's not very nice being threatened, is it? You want to get Phillip? Then you play by my rules. Stay out of my life. Dominique! Hurry, the house of... Dominique! Dominique! You're finished! Do you hear me? You are finished! Don't tempt me, Dominique. Give me those sketches or I will ruin your career. HENRI: Dominique! Come in. Jacqueline has just told me everything. I couldn't let you take the blame. Thanks. You were both of you very foolish not to tell me what was going on. I always look after my girls! And if Arneau had made any trouble, well, I think my contacts with the press are more powerful than his. I am owed a great number of favors. Well, I think that this will help. Jacques admitted everything. Dominique! Where are you going? You have to give Philip the news. I think he'd rather hear that from you. Who's there? Hey, Kim. Oh, looking good! It suites you. What are you doing here? And why did you leave the clinic? I read about the new line in the paper and I didn't want you to deal with Arneau, so I came back to take over. Well, it's too late. He was here all along. It's OK. We'll talk about it later. Now how are you doing with the program? Let's just say that I had sometime to look at who I'd become. I'm sorry. Promise me you'll continue treatment. I've already looked into a clinic here, and I start next week. Anyone find us out? Only Marie, but she covered for us. Well, if there's one thing I've learned these past few weeks, it's that I have to be honest about who I am. So tomorrow, we'll go in and I’ll tell them the truth. No, I, uh... I'm going to call and thank Marie, but I'm taking the first flight out of here. She what? She's going home to America. I could not talk her out of it. What time is she leaving? I don't know, but she said she had time to say goodbye to Paris. [knocking] [knocking] Dominique! You can't leave! - Phillip... Look, you've got to give me a chance to apologize. - Phillip... - I need you! Phillip! Look, I know that night in my apartment. meant something to both of us... Oh, Phillip, you better stop right there. I am not the woman that you think I am. Hey, buddy! Watch where you're going! Damn Frenchmen! Dominique told me what you did. I was crazy enough to trust you. Yeah, you were. It's just like I told, hun. French... they ain't like us. I know. You know what? You're going to have to marry me so we can work on this every day. Don't you think you need to know the name of the girl before you marry her? [music playing]