Uncle Kau, please! Please tell me what's happened? Nothing happened! Go back to your work! Please don't ask! Tell me please! Come on! Alright, let me tell you the story Governor Ma was killed last night I was told that the murderer is a bitch named Lotus Wong Now, go back to your work! Uncle Kau, who is Lotus Wong? You nosy kid! This is none of your business Go back to your work! Come on, tell me the whole story! Tell me something more about her then I'll go to work It's a tragedy! Lotus Wong is Wong Chung's sister... as well as Cheung Man-cheong's wife, those two rebels You mean the sworn brothers of Governor Ma? Sir, please don't blame me! I didn't mean it Please forgive me! I didn't mean to offend you Sir, we will make the murderer pay for it Please rest in peace Kneel down! According to the regulations of Ma's family those who murdered members of Ma's family will be tortured to death by "Ling-chi" We have to cut one thousand pieces of flesh off her Get ready for the execution! Brother Wong I haven't seen such nice horse for ages Cheong, you'll take the horse and I'll take his luggage Let's go Watch out! Let's escape Excuse me, would you please leave my stuff behind? Brother Wong... Master, please spare us and let us go! Sir, it's too silly of us to steal from you! Please forgive us I am sorry Wait! There's a catch Where is Lotus? So you are going to the capital to apply for a general No wonder you are good at martial arts Why do you rob? If we had enough to eat we wouldn't have become robbers We are forced to rob! Did you commit crime and become fugitives? No, we used to be farmers and live in peace it's the bloody government! They increase tax almost monthly we got no money so they took our fields as tax payment We didn't want to become thieves! The government should be blamed We did have a good living in our village but now, only women and old people left Some were starve to death, some died of disease All strong and capable men go to town to make a living My sister and Man-cheong have engaged for three years but now, they can't even get enough money to get married Ma, what drives you to go to the capital... to work for such corrupted government? You will be working for the trash to torture the poor! Brother, we have just met better mind your tongue Never mind! It's not easy to be honest in front of a new friend Pals, I pity you so much When I was small, I was a wanderer too Just like you But one thing is different, I met a Taoist He taught me Kung-fu for 20 years My Master always teaches me that it's a man's duty to protect his beloved country I always remember this and thus makes me go to the capital I don't have choice I see Well... for what I have said you must think that I am naive But I think there must be nice guys in the court There are many nice guys in this world too I am sure you three are nice too Trust me! This is a fair world Nice guys will be rewarded I hope you will turn over a new leaf and, don't give up Maybe, you will become well-off one day Well-off? Maybe in our dreams! What else can we do now? You can do so many things! The key is, you must have faith to go through the hard time The fish is burnt I have almost forgotten my fish Ma, would you come to my house? Although we can only treat you to plain rice and vegetable we can drink and have a nice time Good! We've got fish in the pond and wild boar in the forest why not go hunting and fishing? Sure! Come on I've got it! Bravo! How did you make it? Concentrate! Focus and then stab it! Like this? Let me try There is a fish It's gone! I saw that fish first You shouldn't have come to scare it away You'd better go there! I'll go a different direction Don't bother me! I am sorry... Slow down! I've got it! Bravo! Brother, you are great! Got it, right? To hell with you! Pal, this piece is most tasty Thank you You're welcome Come on, take it Man-cheong, this is the happiest day in my life Do you know why? Why? Because, I think I have become young again! Ma taught us fishing and hunting when I saw the wild boar before I always worried that it'd eat me In fact, it only knows how to scare us Yeah, Brother Ma, I was afraid of wild boar since I was a kid I dared to eat it since three years ago Brother Ma, have my toast, all the best to you All the best Sis, why do you keep your mouth shut? Toast to Ma, come on Mr. Ma, wish you ever success Thank you Pal, if you don't mind why not sleep in my place for a night? Let's have a drink till dawn Why not? If only you don't think this is a nuisance You're welcome You are giving me face to stay, aren't you? I am so happy! Honey, is the fish ready? It's already fixed! I'll send it out right away Come and drink with Ma Sure I will Brother Ma, this is my toast Buddy, people said, better marry a capable woman About my wife, she is really really capable... You know what? Well, you have married a capable wife this must be your luck Don't envy me you know what she is capable of? I don't know She is capable of making love In bed, she is wild she is great! Damn it! Shame on you! Cut the crap please, would you? Brother Ma, this is the fish you caught, you eat first Come on, let's eat You mean it again? Ma, enjoy your food please Just make yourself at home! OK? Excuse me! I'll be back soon Lotus, I am sorry! I am useless to make you suffer so much! Brother Cheong, don't say this, come on! You are drunk! Yeah, I am drunk! Brother Ma, thank you for giving us face to stay, I am so happy! I haven't seen Wong to be so happy for ages! Thank you! Cheers! Alright, let's drink! Yeah, my brother hasn't been so happy for ages He always pulls a long face His happy face is hard to be seen Brother Ma, I believe that it's God's will to let us make friends Come on! There is one thing I don't know whether I should say or not I think you can become the general If you make it, please don't forget us Hurry up... Man-cheong, don't be silly! I won't forget you! I've spent a great time with you guys! If fate otherwise, we wouldn't have sat here Fate! It's God who makes us acquaint! Brother Ma, cheers! Stop it! Brother Cheong You've had enough! Brother Ma, excuse me I want to drink... I wanna bite you to death! Why not bite this? Brother Ma please don't mind sleeping here Of course not Let me fix your bed sheet first Thank you Why not let me do it myself? You'd better go to rest Not now, I have to wash the dishes first Alright You are good at fighting You are flattering me! I am not! You are really great! Have you practiced Kung-fu? We are farmers it's not necessary to read but we'd know a little bit fighting skills So, we are able to work faster That's right Brother Ma What's the matter? I have something to ask for your help What is it? You know, we are not used to rob but we don't know how to make a living I understand your problem If I, Ma Sun-yee, become a general one day Brother Wong and Man-cheong will be my assistants I promise You really mean it? Thank you so much! Come on! They have to contribute too It's a dangerous job to beat crimes You think they have guts to do so? Yes, but... But what? But they are not well educated I think you have to waste much time to teach them You are flattering me! In fact I am not well educated either You are so humble Watch it! Honey! Honey, if you leave me, I don't know how life will go on Lotus! See what Ma has caught! Where did you get it? At the place they usually show up Where? The forests around your house Not only these there are many other animals We are useless! Brother Ma, I admire you so much! You are good at fighting, righteous as well as intelligent I haven't seen such a wonderful man in my life You are flattering me! I was lucky to meet my master who taught me all these skills But you haven't met any teacher instead Brother Ma Forgive my rudeness I want to learn Kung-fu from you! Kneel down! You... We are always frank and straight forward If you take us as students when you are hungry, we'll cook for you If you are hot, we will cool you with fans You have two men and two women to serve you Brother Ma, my brother and Man-cheong are sincere please say yes Lotus, come here why do you stay there? Come and join us Brother Ma, please! Don't do this! Get up! Get up... Get up first You don't even let me have chance to speak Let me say something, OK? I've told you, I will go to the capital for an interview tomorrow If I stay, I will not be able to catch the interview on time What? You have to leave? Why not stay two more days? Please teach us Kung-fu Be frank, I am not qualified to be your master But, don't worry I promise, I will come back one day So we will go fishing, practice Kung-fu and drink OK? Great! Brother Ma, you'd come back Deal Come back as early as you can! But I want you to promise me one thing Sure! We'll promise anything you ask Ma, no matter what we will promise anything you ask From today onwards you should behave yourself go straight and be a decent man you are able to be a hunter or a farmer Don't rob again You are a real man! You will achieve one day! Is that right? Yes, Brother Ma, we promise don't worry, we won't let you down Swear! Alright I, Wong Chung I, Cheung Man-cheong We swear to God From now on, we will go straight to be a real man We will never rob again if we break our oath, we'll be killed terribly! God, I am so lucky to meet Wong Chung and Cheung Man-cheong Now, we will become sworn brothers From now on, we'll share happiness and troubles, with no regrets Anything else? Nothing Swear again! Alright I, Wong Chung I, Cheung Ma-cheong I, Ma Sun-yee now become sworn brothers, we'll share happiness and troubles We are brothers now That horse isn't a gift I'll let you raise it, so don't be embarrassed But, this horse is your favorite it should go with you But you taught me how to reach the capital by sea It saves half of my traveling time So, we don't owe each other Brother Ma, thank you We are brothers, don't mention it Go home! You'd better go back now I hope I would bring you good news soon Brother Ma, send us good news as soon as possible So, we can write to you Listen from now on, you two should eat vegetable and pray for Ma to wish him good luck so as to win the seat Sure I will Remember, you must behave and go straight Take care Take care Man-cheong let's go hunting and practice the skills which Ma taught us Alright But remember be patient while you hunt I know, I worry only about you Actually I want you to remind me that Brother Wong, you are smart Honey, I'm leaving we are going to hunt a wild boar for you You said you want me to eat vegetable But you wasted too much energy in bed, you know? You're so bad! Start eating vegetable tomorrow, OK? I want to drink... with Brother Ma! I've asked you not to drink that much! I want to drink more... Brother Cheong, stop drinking please Lotus... We haven't married yet I'm sorry these three years have been a waste Worse still, we've become bandits! Why have God been so mean to me? Why? Why? Brother Cheong, stop blaming on God From now on you only have to stop robbing and turn straight I will be contented even though I have to suffer life with you! Self pity is your problem It hurts me as much as it hurts you I am sorry I don't want to hear those words Brother Cheong, let me ask you one thing How do you see Brother Ma? He is a nice guy Lotus, why do you ask? Nothing! Since his appearance, it seems that... many things have changed Of course, he is bringing us luck! We always wish God would give us luck He's God given I hope Ma would become a general one day We don't have to suffer Why not stand on your own feet? Why is Ma a nice guy? Do you need to ask? God gives us luck to meet him! He is our benefactor you must think that I am naive But I think there must be nice guys in the court There are many nice guys in this world too I am sure you you three are nice too Trust me! This is a fair world Nice guys will be rewarded I hope you will turn over a new leaf and, don't give up Maybe, you will become well-off one day Why are you here? I come back for you Why? Life is unpredictable What is impossible to happen will happen No... Why? Because I am Man-cheong's fiancee But I know you don't love him I don't think you would fall for me I can't explain the feeling of love But I know whether it's true or not When it comes, I won't give it up easily I hope you would think the same thing as I do No, I don't know how to face it You need not be responsible for anyone Except for yourself I swore that I would devote my virginity... to the one I love on our wedding day Lotus I am your perfect match I will come back wait for me You notorious and cold-blooded slut, listen! You have to pay for the life you've taken Your headless deed arouse the anger of all people We can't settle people's anger if you're not killed by this punishment It's time for the execution What request do you have? Voice out now Execution! Wind up! Our Buddha in heaven holy is your name... Our Buddha in heaven holy is your name... Brother Ma! My buddy! Brother Wong Man-cheong Buddy, I'm worried sick of you The officer said you did a good job to uproot the bandits And you're promoted to be the governor You're hot shot now Is that right? Thanks for the luck you've brought me We haven't met for half year, how are you doing? We are fine! My dear sister-in-laws, how are you? We are fine, thanks Man-cheong and I haven't married yet Man-cheong You haven't married her yet? This is not fair You've promised I will try my best Sure you have to Well I think you must be tired Please take a bath first, then come back here for the celebration Let's celebrate the reunion! Sure! Let's get ourselves drunk for this joyful night For our reunion! Cheers... Sis, what's wrong with you? Drink with Ma, come on Lotus, toast to Brother Ma, come on Wait I have something... to talk to Man-cheong Brother Ma, what's the matter? Half a year ago, after our farewell, one thing happened I returned to the river side At that moment, I remembered one thing That is... I had a great dinner at your home So I asked my chef to make the same dishes and arranged them at the same positions just like that special night Pal, you are an affectionate friend! Thank you! Buddies, don't forget about me! Cheers! Sit down first, take it easy You're not a good drinker Eat something! So I won't send you home early Come on! Hubby, don't drink too much, mind your health Who do you think you're talking to? How can you compare Man-cheong with me? I haven't sent you one single letter the past half a year You must have worried so much about me Please accept my apology Here's a toast to you Buddy, we know you are a busy man We won't blame you May I be frank Now that we're here can our future count on you? I have already had some arrangement May I tell you later? Since we are going to enjoy this night, let's enjoy! Come on! Cheers! Buddies, I've arranged some rooms for you You can stay as long as you like Just take this as your home Brother Ma, will it bring any inconvenience? We are below the salt and you're high above will that cause any gossip? Remember, this is the governor's house I am in charge of this place By the way, you'll work for the government soon In and out of the governor's house is a must Who dares to speak behind our back? So, you mean hubby and Man-cheong will become officers soon? That's right It's great! I don't have to attend housework anymore Madame, why do you stay up late? Have some tea? Good night Where have my brother and Man-cheong gone? They are staying with the governor they won't come back early You'd better take a rest What are they doing? They are questioning some prisoners inside the detention cell The man is called Sau-fu, the woman is named Diu-fung They are bandits of the Black Wind Gang When they were arrested we found maps of several senior official's houses I believe that they were sent as spies They planned to kidnap some senior officials to blackmail the court Sau-fu, are you ready to confess? How many people in your gang? Bastard! Do you have fire-arms? Speak up I don't know Take the woman up, it's time for torture Yes No! Let her go! You bastards! Let go of her! No! Let go of her! No! Don't! Rise her up Put her down! This is the end of a bandits stow Sau-fu, listen carefully! If you don't want your wife to suffer better co-operate with me Shut up! I'd rather die! I will never betray our brothers But you will die If we don't tell them Even we confess, do you think they will let us go? We will die no matter what! No... No! Speak up, who are you going to kidnap? Don't tell them! Don't! No! Honey! Honey! Honey! Ma Sun-yee, you will pay for your evil deed! I won't let you go! I wanna kill you! I want your family to end with blood! May God condemn you! Shut up! You want to be a hero? Not that easy! Take the woman's body to feed the dogs And for this guy, cut his tongue and serve him hot wax Yes, sir Do you think I am cruel? Not exactly In such rough time I am sure you have your reason to step up measures You are absolutely right Thieves and soldiers are forever enemies I am paid by the government I should get rid of the bandits Do you think I am right? Yes, you are right... From now on, we should be hand in hand to gather our strength and proof that... we work for the people and serve the government whole heartedly Thank you, Ma Thank you! We won't let you down! But, there is one more thing What? The bandits of the Black Wind Gang are not well organized I want you to head a troop of commandos... for a sudden raid This is a good chance for you two! Yes, yes! What do you think? Good! Hung Sum has a habit He takes shower in the stream before dark everyday I want you to take him alive This is your mission, understand? Man-cheong, listen Take some soldiers to search around I will stay here for an ambush Once you see Hung Sum give me a signal Do you get me? Go! Follow me What's the matter? It's a signal for help Follow me Sir Wong and Cheung are in trouble should we send someone to help? I'll make the decision, I don't need your advice Get out Yes Brother Ma It's late, why don't you sleep? I would like to ask about my brother and Man-cheong Something critical has happened New arrangement is necessary before action is taken But don't worry, it would be alright Brother Ma May I ask you something? Go ahead I know what your question is Half a year ago... I was rude and impulsive at the riverside I have regretted ever since I'm ashamed of myself I keep telling myself that it's not a sin to love someone The point is they are my sworn brothers How can I do such thing? No matter what they are my brothers and I'll treat you as my sister Governor, here you are Do you want to tickle me or hurt me? Or, both? Governor, why don't you say a word? It hurts! You bitch! You are slut! I am your husband's sworn brother! How dare you seduce me? Yes, I am the most bitchy woman in the world So what? Come on, scold me! Screw me! I don't mind being punished It's great! Hit my back! You have soft bones Don't move, I want you not to move No, I am tired Don't move What's wrong? Why can't I move Save me! Get in bed Hurry up! What's the matter? Not again! Why do you cover me? What's that for? Take it away What's the matter? No! Harder, It's so nice, I love it Don't stop! Go ahead Bite... Is your game started? Come on! I want it Are you teaching me how to write? Wet it I feel so comfortable! It's itchy! I want it! Hurry up! Give it to me... Lower... Come on! I want it What are you doing? You've got it wrong No! Mom!! No! Dad! Beat him... Harder! Stop! Beat him! Bastard! Bastard! I ask again where is the arsenal? I am Cheung Man-cheong, I am sent by the governor... to arrest you, bastard You are really tough! I love tough guys Come out! Serve him well Yes Listen if you can't make him turn on I will let my buddies rape you Bastard! You beast! Take me some wine! Put it down Enough, get out Are you telling or not? I am Cheung Man-cheong I am sent by the governor to arrest you! Do you know what my favourite food is? The head of you soldiers No... Come on! Take it here No Bring me some wine Hurry up! The soldier's head is most nutritious Don't kill me... Don't kill me... Bastard, I added ether into your wine You are feeling dizzy now, aren't you? Take him away! Yes Man-cheong I said nothing I am sorry, I came late I am sorry It hurts Hang on... Hang on! Make sure you keep her alive If she dies before 1000 cuts we will be punished Don't worry, she can make it Just don't cut too deep and avoid the blood vessels She won't die Man-cheong, how are you? I am fine I can make it I can make it... Man-cheong, don't scare me, what's wrong Honey, it hurts, I don't want to live What's happened? Tell me Honey, you've bathed Here I come! It's always nice to make love after a bath Don't touch me Come on, we haven't made love for a long time Stop it! Undress now! Come on... Stop bothering me! I am tired What are you doing? I am on the rag On the rag? Do you have any fever any headache? Are you alright? Just on the rag so what? This is not our first time to make love on your rag Come on! Leave me alone! Honey, stop... What's wrong with it? Tell me From bumping... Bumping? You bitch! What are you doing? I'll show you! You know how to get hurt from bumping now? Tell me, who is the adulterer? Speak up! Beat me! Beat me to death, come on Just beat me to death! She knows only too well that I won't kill her I had to know who the adulterer is I beg your help Calm down, don't lose your temper I know who the adulterer is Tell me, Tell me please Who is he? In this town only those covered by the court have guts to mess around And I know only one person who dares Who is he? Tell me He always flirts around with women at the temple He is Chu, the thirteen son of Officer Chu If you don't understand, come back to me Thank you It's my pleasure, you're welcome You scum! Why do you beat me? Stop... None of your business! Go to hell Help! Master Chu is being attacked Help! Go and stop them! How dare you seduce my sister-in-law? Go to hell! Stop! Why do it? Why? He knows only too well! He seduced my wife Master Chu, how are you? He is a volunteer here, he helps the monks to translate sutra and helps others to explain oracles, he seduced no one He is a decent guy, a kind-headed guy! No way he'd do such a thing! Shut up! Take them to the court now Master Chu... Oh no! He's dead He's dead! He was always weak, he had asthma What! No way! Listen, take them to the court It's ridiculous! He's faking! Go Brothers It's my fault to have caused you on exile Be frank to us, did we kill an innocent guy? No, he just pretended to be a gentleman He was covered by his father He's the adulterer, it's a fact Why don't you believe me? If I knew he had asthma I wouldn't have let you do it It's my fault, I wronged you! Brother, I've only myself to blame! I'll never forgive myself to have dragged Man-cheong into it I deserve to death! Brother Wong, come on Although we are exiled we can start our lives all over again There has got to be a place somewhere Man-cheong is right, don't give up Take this money, find a safe place Settle down, and... Don't let others know who you are Brother Ma, please take care of my wife Lotus Don't worry, I will take care of her Settle down and write to me I will send her to your place myself We owe you so much, my brother! Come on! We will pay you back in our next life Have you forgotten our oath? We are brothers, we will share happiness and miseries Don't you forget! Well, go now This is a busy path, go Ma, Let's go Sure we can find a place to hide out! Take care Take good care Stop! How dare you? How dare you take the lives of the officers! Damn you! May I know your names, ill-fated guys? Cheung Man-cheong Wong Chung Do you remember me? You are Hung Sum, aren't you? Wong, it's you who caught me to this cell Look at what that bastard has turned me into He took away my eyes and crippled me Who is he? He is your sworn brother Ma Sun-yee No I heard that you killed Chu You stupid moron! You have fallen into his trap What did you say? You don't know that your sworn brother... has been using you and setting you up? No, you liar! You stupid morons! Before my last breath, I will tell you a story Two stupid fools were lured to ambush the bandits not knowing his wife became Ma's playmate They came back alive, but was lured to kill again Only that they did not know the prey was a sick man No... You adulterer! Ma Sun-yee Brother Wong... I want to kill you! Brother Wong... Mi-lan, you bitch I want to kill you! Brother Wong, no! Brother Wong You will pay for it. You sons of bitches You will pay for it! I want to kill you! No, please let my brother go I beg you, let my brother go Brother Wong... I beg you to let my brother go I beg you! Brother Wong No! No! Brother Wong! Brother Wong... Brother Wong... Wake up, Brother Wong... Brother Wong... How are you? Brother Wong... Hang on, Brother Wong Brother Wong, what's the matter? No way... Brother Wong, no! No! Brother Wong... Brother Wong... Brother Wong... It's a set up... For the sake of maintaining the reputation and traditions of this town adulterers and sluts and those who rape and sexually abuse women once they are found guilty will be executed that instance Those who cover such crimes will be severely punished Those who disclose such crimes will be awarded No mercy granted That's an order Yes sir! Ma, you bastard, you will suffer the most cruel death! Ma Sun-yee's evil deeds are known to heaven and earth He will pay for it sooner or later We should be blamed of trusting a wrong guy Lotus You'd better run! Run as far as you can Never come back again Our souls would protect you Time! You've finally come I understand how you feel Both of us should calm down after what happened Will you have hard feelings? My sworn brothers committed crimes and lost their lives I feel so sorry! More than anyone! More than you still! No one knows how sad I am No one can escape from the crimes one committed If I could save them, I would have done it by all means But I really couldn't help Mi-lan betrayed your brother, this is my carelessness for... I didn't govern her For that I'll never forgive myself You are a liar No, I am not My sister-in-law was your sex slave Am I right? You wanted them to be killed by bandits in the raid And you framed them to kill Chu to get rid of them They were exiled and you didn't give up You shed your crocodile tears to set them free so that they'd be captured by your men to put them to death I know I would never gain my life back Let bygone be bygone I don't want to be Lotus, I want to be a woman you love Let's start all over again Can we? Now that you know what I am I am no match for you If only I could be cherished and loved I would not care less Are you afraid it's been poisoned? Be gentle please Feeling dizzy? The either wasn't put inside the wine But on my chest It's already inside you! Not only you a liar