This program is rated G and is suitable for general audiences. [Melodic holiday music] [vocalizing] ♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas, we wish you a Merry Christmas ♪ ♪ We wish you a Merry Christmas ♪ Ooh, what do we have here? We have a flying reindeer and a snowman and a house full of presents... great job. Ooh, I love this. Is this your whole family? -[girl] Yes, Ms. Thomas. -You've got a magic castle... -is this your family? -Yeah. Okay, let's pack up... it's time for that surprise I was telling you about. What is it? Can't you tell us now? -Please, Ms. Thomas? -Well, you know how you're drawing your favourite Christmas memory? -Yes? -Well, the surprise is MY favourite Christmas memory! -Are you ready? -[kids] Yeah!! Let's go! Say right here... -[soft whirring] -[gasps] What is it? I'll show you! -[soft holiday music] -[kids cheering] Wow! My great-grandfather built this carousel, and when I was little, every Christmas my parents would bring me here, and we'd all ride together. -It's so cool! -It is, isn't it!? -Who wants to ride? -[all] Me! Yay! Come on in! [laughs] Your grandpa really made this whole merry-go-round, -Miss Thomas? -My GREAT-grandpa did! My dad and I did the restoration, though. -The restor-what? -Res-tor-ation. It's a big word for making something old new again, so kids like you can have fun on it, just like I did! -This one's my favourite! -Mine too! This is called the Wishing Horse, and my great-grandpa put one on all of his carousels. So you get to make wishes on it? You do, yes! OK, everyone, pick out your horses and we'll go! [woman] Speaking of wishes coming true... Nicole! What are you doing here? Well, it just so happens that our wonderful assistant principal gave me a visit today. ... you're gonna make me guess, aren't you? [laughing] OK, I'll give you a hint: it's something you've wanted for a very long time. -World peace. -Think more in the area of... ultimate dream job? The program director role isn't opening up, is it? You're a better guesser than I thought! [laughing] [soft Christmas music] [man humming] Hands of a surgeon, right, Dad? -[Dad] Hmm, not too shabby, eh? -Not bad for an old-timer. What do you think, honestly? I think it's really nice. Um, maybe... could add a little flourish on the edge? Hmm. Blue or chartreuse? I'd go with blue. A little more subtle. -But still a statement. -[Lila] Exactly. So, how was the last day of school? Oh, great! The kids loved the carousel, of course. Of course. Hey, did you show them the Wishing Horse? Sure did. They all made a wish, too. -What about you? -What do I need to wish for? Oh, I don't know. Mr. Right, maybe? Seriously? Dad, no. You did not just go there. You can't blame a dad for looking out for his daughter's best interest. Well, I am so sorry that I'm so busy enjoying my life, I don't have time to find Mr. Right. Besides, I don't see you burning up the dating apps. Yeah, well. I had my happily ever after. Your mom. It's been eight years, Dad. Maybe it's time. Well, the only thing I know right now is I could do with a peppermint mocha. -What about you? -Does Santa wear a red hat? -Hmm? -It's a joke. -I'm making a Christmas joke. -[both chuckling] -Come on. -I'll work on that one. So I, um, walked to Nicole today. -Oh yeah? How's she doing? -Good! Busy, as usual. She said the program director role was opening up. Really? You know anybody who's applying. -Maybe. -[cell phone ringing] Oh, sorry, honey. Let me see who this is. -Yeah, of course. -Thomas Carousel Restoration. Yes, this is Roy Thomas. Excuse me? Hmm... No, no, we can make the time. W... when? Yes. No, we'd be honoured. -[chuckling] -Thank you! Thank you very much. "We would be honoured"? Who was that? The King of Ancadia. [laughing] Seriously, Dad, who was that? She said she was the King's royal assistant from Ancadia! They want us to restore your great-grandfather's -Christmas carousel. -Wait, what? We're gonna be spending Christmas in Ancadia! [both laughing excitedly] [Nicole] You're gonna spend Christmas in Ancadia? I guess so! I just finished packing, and now I'm furiously wrapping Christmas presents. Wait... Ancadia's the one with that prince? -What prince? -He's in all the tabloids, with his arm around a different woman at every different red carpet event? They call him the "Casanova Prince." [dryly] Great, can't wait to meet him. Anyway, you're gonna apply for that program director position before you leave, right? Um... yeah, I... I don't... I don't know. [Nicole] You really should! With all the programs you put together, you're practically a program director now! -You'd be perfect. -Thank you. It's just that it's a full-time job, and I don't know if I can realistically do that and still help my dad out with the business. Is it really an either/or? Yeah. I... I really think it is. [sighing] ["Joy To The World" instrumental] [bell chiming] [train whistle blowing] ♪ -Ah! Mr. Thomas, Miss Thomas! -Yes, that's us. I'm Heidi, the royal family's assistant. -Welcome to Ancadia! -Thank you for having us! Of course. The prince is delighted you're able to fit us into your schedule on such short notice. Well, we're delighted that you're delighted. -Aren't we, honey? -Yes, we're both very delighted. -Wonderful! Shall we? -Yes. [chuckling] ♪ Prince Whitaker will be the one overseeing the project. He's quite grateful for your help. He feels very strongly that you are the best in the business. Well, that... that's quite a compliment. Well, I hope you feel that you're able to achieve the same standard of excellence in such a short period of time. A short period of time? The carousel's restorations are to be a Christmas gift for the King's granddaughter, Maya. -A Christmas gift? -Yes, we would like the carousel to be presented at the conclusion of our traditional Christmas Eve Gala. Christmas... eve? That's just two weeks away! [Heidi] Is that going to be a problem? Would it be possible to stop by the carousel first? [Heidi] Absolutely! ♪ [Heidi] Almost there. [Roy] It's definitely seen better days. Paint's peeling, and it looks like there's some wood rot. And that's my grandpa's trademark Wishing Horse. King Franz had this carousel built over 100 years ago as a Christmas present for... -His bride, Katherine! -Of course. You would know the story! It was built -by your grandfather... -Grandfather! [Heidi] The prince started restoring the exterior this year. Oh... His attention to detail is beautiful! They're just like the originals. Yes, it was very important to the prince that we maintain the carousel's historical integrity. You've arrived just in time. It's suffered so much neglect. [Lila] The paint's really in bad shape. -OH! -[man exclaiming] I am SO sorry! Are you OK? Perfectly. Is it safe to come down? [flustered] I just got distracted. By the carousel, not... by you. Do you... are you sure you're OK? Absolutely. See? [chuckling] No worse for wear. [Lila] I, uh... I think you dropped this. Yes. Constantly trying to make its escape, I'm afraid. -It's a little dirty. -Well, a dirty brush is a small price to pay for meeting a beautiful woman. Alright! Well, I should get back to work. Well, I don't think I've ever enjoyed nearly crashing to my death quite so much. [chuckling] Good! I think. It was nice bumping into you! Oh, ha ha! Yes, I see what you did there. -[laughing] -As for the working, what do you, uh, working at, exactly? My father and I were just hired to restore this carousel. Oh, yes! From America. -I've heard a lot about you. -You have? Well, yes. I'm an artist myself, which explains the, uh... the brush, and the rather colourful outfit. [laughing] Yes. Well, I'm very impressed. So will all of these murals be repaired? Uh... most. Unfortunately, the originals were too badly damaged to restore. That's too bad. So you must know the prince, then. Um... quite well, actually. -I hear he's a real ladies' man. -Oh, yes, yes. That... that rumour does seem to get around. Although, I would say he's more, uh, friendly than roguish. And that is what every ladies' man says. Mm-hmm... well, I'll just go, uh, wash this out, then. ♪ -[chuckling] -Did you see the Wishing Horse? -I did! Pretty incredible, huh? -[Roy] Mmm. -So, what do you think? -Some of the stays are broken, and the machinery needs a little work. And the weather damage will take some to fix. Is the Christmas deadline still a possibility? I don't think that will be a problem at all. I hate to toot our own horn, but I'd agree. Oh, I'm so pleased! Maya has always taken a great interest in the carousel, but mum's the word. -We won't tell a soul. -Wonderful. Now, let's get you to the cottage so you can freshen up before your audience with the royal family! Oh. I'm glad I brought a tie. ♪s [Lila] We should get our own royal cottage, Dad. -This is lovely! -I'll say! [Heidi] You'll find it has everything you need to feel at home during the holidays. There's fresh gingerbread in the kitchen, and we'll be by in the morning with a traditional -Ancadian breakfast. -[chuckling excitedly] In the meantime, if there's anything you need, -just let me know. -Thank you very much. You're welcome. We'll be back in an hour. ♪ We have Roy and Lila Thomas from America here to restore the carousel, followed by the Duke of Sterling to discuss the Christmas initiative with the prince. Very good... and where is Whitaker? I'm sure he's on his way. I suppose I should be grateful he showed at least some interest in his royal duties. But apparently I'm asking far too much -that he attend his own meeting! -He'll be here. The Duke will not tolerate lateness. How's my tie? It feels a bit askew. [Heidi] Uh... It's perfectly straight, Your Majesty. -Thank you, Heidi. Heidi... -Yes? Do you suppose I'll ever be able to retire? ♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la ♪ Maya! Please! What are you doing here? You can't retire, Grandpa. You're too young. I'm too young... Maya, you can't simply burst in here like this. We have protocols. [sighing] Fine. It was time for singing lessons, anyway. ♪ Fa-la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la! ♪ I'll have you know, a King certainly can retire! I'd turn the kingdom over to Whitaker in a heartbeat. -If I felt he was ready. -He could be ready. [scoffs] The first thing a King needs is a Queen. I've never seen anyone drag his feet quite like my son. The time has come for him to have a proper wife. ♪ [Heidi] Right this way. ♪ ♪ ♪ Presenting Miss Lila Thomas and Mr. Roy Thomas. His Majesty, King Coventry of Ancadia. [King] Welcome to Ancadia. [Heidi] And his son, His Highness Prince Whitaker. [breathing heavily] ♪ [Whitaker] No need to bow. [exhaling] Please, feel free to call me Whitaker. Mr. Thomas. Miss Thomas. This carousel means a lot to our family. -And to ours! -Prince Whitaker has made arrangements for a delivery of the paints and the additional materials you requested -for tomorrow morning. -Thank you. Very much. [Heidi] Oh, uh, His Grace Haddingford, the Duke of Sterling. And his daughter, Lady Margaret. Let's skip the formalities, shall we? -Ah, Sterling! -Your Majesty. I hear you're interested in my manor. [Whitaker] That's correct. Um, as you know, every year the King has a Christmas initiative in order to bring positive change to our kingdom, and I have been working all year on plans of the creation of a first-rate art school here in Ancadia. So, naturally, when I heard of your intention to donate the manor to a worthy cause, well, I thought... We already have plenty of schools! But this is no ordinary school. My proposed school would provide programs across all artistic disciplines, serving our people, both... er, old and young. Uh, and your manor would be a perfect fit. I'm a military man. I have no interest in drawing pictures and... scampering about in tutus. [nervous chuckling] Yes. I took the liberty of preparing a, uh, a proposal, where you can see, uh... [clearing throat] the... the outlines of the programs, and how it might benefit our kingdom. Eh, give it to Margaret, please. She's managing the donation of the estate... I want to make it very clear: yours is not the only proposal we will be considering. Right. ♪ Whitaker! [indistinct conversation] [sighs] My apologies about my father. Oh, no, no, no. No apologies necessary, darling. -Would you show us? -Ah, Margaret, please meet Mr. and Miss Thomas. They've come to restore the carousel as a surprise Christmas gift for Maya. Oh, how sweet of you, Whit! The prince has always had such a soft spot -for that silly old thing. -[Whitaker chuckling] Well, I do hope you can join us for tea. Oh, actually... we were hoping to get started on the carousel tonight. Oh, well, surely you can spare a few minutes! Our Christmas scones are quite famous. OK. A few minutes would be great. Great. Fantastic. See you in there. ["The First Noel" plays] Our, uh, special holiday recipe. The chef adds just a hint of ginger, and a few other secret ingredients. -Can I ask you something? -Of course. When do you get used to all this? I can't help feeling a little out of my league. Don't worry. When I first came to work here, I felt as though I had marbles in my mouth every time I tried to speak! Well, I'm glad I'm not the only one. Oh, trust me, Mr. Thomas, you're doing just fine. Would you mind calling me Roy? Mr. Thomas sounds a little bit like my dad. Roy, then. Margaret, I'm curious. What do you think of Whitaker's plans for the manor? Well, I'm sure you know, I've always loved the arts. Such a wonderful... diversion. Don't you agree? ♪ Ah. If you'll excuse me. ♪ You know, I'm... just... ♪ So. I feel as if I owe you an explanation. No, no, no. No need. I appreciate that, but I must apologize if I wasn't exactly... [chuckles] forthcoming -in our first meeting. -Well, would have been preferable if you had mentioned that you are my boss. And also the fact that you happen to run a country. Yes, well, of course. Uh, it's just that, if given the chance, I prefer not to lead with my title. I find that it's a bit of a conversation stopper. Is there anything else that I need to know? Uh, I don't believe so. Like, I won't find out tomorrow morning that you're an international spy, or something like that? I'm not going to rule out that possibility, but for now, the only thing that I hadn't told you is that I was royalty. So, tell me, Miss Thomas, have you and your father been in the toy business long? Actually, Lila and her father are professional restoration masters. And in my opinion, the best there are. Well, it's mostly my father. I just... I help out when I can. Oh! You only work part-time? No, I'm also an art teacher. Really? I have the highest respect for teachers. They're quite treasured here in Ancadia. Ah, yes, they most certainly are. [both chuckling] ♪ [Lila] Well, we've got nine legs that need to be replaced. [Roy] And that mechanism's rusted up pretty good. I need my crescent wrench, I left it back at the cottage. -You need anything? -Nope, I'm good. -[Whitaker] Hello. -Oh, hello! Well, looks like you've come for work. Ha! Only if you don't mind me getting in your way. [Roy] Not in the least. I'll see you in a bit. -See ya. -[Lila] Bye, Dad. Well! How are you settling in at the cottage? Fine, thanks. Art school sounds great. Oh! Yes. Yes, I do hope it finds a good home. The Manor would be perfect. Well, I am sure your girlfriend will put in a good word with her father. -Girlfriend?. -Yes, Margaret. Tall, beautiful, very put together? Right, that Margaret. No, she's not my girlfriend. Oh, I must have gotten that wrong, then. There's no worries. It's perfectly understandable. Because if she was your girlfriend, that pickup line... -Pickup line? -Mhm. The paintbrush? You calling me a beautiful lady? Oh. Ah, that wasn't a pickup line. Oh! I must have gotten confused, then. That was simply me being friendly. Oh, yes, right. That... that part. That was confusing. Well, not too confusing, however, -since it wasn't a pickup line. -Exactly. Excellent. Well, it appears -we're all sorted, then. -Completely sorted. We can carry on, the air cleared, so to speak. Carrying on like you never said anything to begin with. Perfect. Ah, yes, well... ♪ Carousel's already looking better. You and your father work quickly. a good team, weren't we? -[Lila] Like peanut butter! -And jelly! You know, I've been thinking... You need to get that? [Lila] Um, no, it's OK. What were you saying? Well, just that maybe you should think about cutting back on the teaching and those art programs of yours. You know, it might not be a bad idea to invest a little more time in the business. -Hadn't really thought about it. -Well, maybe you should. When I do decide to turn in the old shaping tools, there's only one person who could take my place. -That's very sweet, Dad. -[Roy] Sweet nothing. You got a gift, honey. You always have. -You don't wanna waste that. -Thank you. Well, speaking of wasting time, we best get back. You know what they say: -"You gotta make carousels..." -"...while the sun shines!" You know that doesn't make any sense, right? [Roy] No. So! -Enjoying the cottage? -We are! A bit confused by the herring breakfast. Ah, yes, an Ancadian tradition. Truly terrifying in the mornings... fish eyes just looking up at you, first thing with your coffee. -It's the worst. -[chuckling] [soft music] Something wrong? Something's just not quite right. I think it looks like a fine tomahawk. -[Lila] This is a horse's leg. -Oh. Yes. It doesn't have the right movement to it. Oh... hmm. Yes, it must be difficult to make something static look like it's about ready to gallop off. That's it exactly. May I show you something? I think it might help. -This isn't a pickup line. -[laughing] [galloping] ♪ [Lila] That is movement! They're so beautiful. Are they yours? [Whitaker] They belong to the crown. But I do have my own personal favourite. -[horses neighing] -[smooching] [whispers] Hey... Oh! [laughing] -Hi! -Hi. Wow! [laughing] I think someone... -I think someone likes you. -Well, I have a secret weapon. Not as high-tech is the rest of my international spy gadgets, but effective nevertheless. -So the truth finally comes out. -Ah, not entirely. I'm afraid if I reveal all my secrets, you may be forced into witness protection. I'm sorry to say, he is quite motivated by food more than me. It's a little disappointing. Would you like to feed him? -I would love to. -Here. Keep your hand flat, -flat and open, like this. -Alright. Make sure all your digits are protected. -[Lila squealing] -[both laughing] At least until the carousel's complete Back, back. Good boy. -For the record... -Hmm? I think I may have jumped to conclusions about you. -Is that right? -Yeah, I kind of lumped you in with some of the guys I used to date. Ahh. Dated a lot of princes, have you? [laughing] Let's just say, a few of them were pretty proud of their Casanova status. Hmm. Well, since this is true confession time, any rumours you may have heard about me... -In the tabloids? -They really are just friends. International spy's honour. [chuckling] [horses neighing] Tell me more about your teaching. Well, it started seven years ago, when the restoration business was a little slow. -Mmm. And you enjoy it? -I love it. I never would have guessed it at the time, but there's nothing I would rather do than teach art and plan programs. -Do I sense a "but"? -No. I'm just... at a pretty big crossroads right now, that's all. ♪ [Whitaker] So, what type of crossroad is this of yours? Is it exciting or agonizing? -[Lila] Agonizing, to be honest. -[Whitaker] Oh no. A program director position at my school just opened up. It's my dream job, and I can't even bring myself -to apply for it. -Why not? I guess I can't imagine leaving restoration. It's always defined my relationship with my dad, and I don't know what either of us would have done without it -when my mom passed. -Mmm. Which makes taking the program director position quite complicated? Let's just say it was always assumed -I would carry the mantle. -Ah, yes. Mantle-carrying. Quite a strenuous job, isn't it? Speaking from experience? [chuckling] Suffice it to say, my father never expected his only son would have more interest in a paintbrush than a crown. ♪ Your paintwork is really exquisite. [Lila] Thanks. So, what about you? How does a prince become a painter, exactly? Well, actually, I have Margaret to thank you for that. Or, more specifically, Margaret's grandmother. -Really? -[Whitaker] Ah, yes. Um, back when the Duke and his wife used to use the manor, Margaret's grandmother would set up easels for Mags and me. -That sounds lovely -Ahh. For me, it was heaven. But the Duke found his mother-in-law's art session... how should I put it... uh... perplexing, I suppose. But you became an artist! Yes, painting has become my main focus, but I've studied nearly all the arts. Erm, painting, sculpting, music, art history, intense basket-weaving. -[laughing] -It all started at the Manor. So that's why the manor means so much to you. It's not just a space for the school, this is personal. I suppose it is. However, I'm facing an uphill battle with the Duke. [Lila] He's a military man, right? Through and through. He views the world in a... how should I put it... -a rather concrete manner. -And art is abstract. It's too bad we can't make him see -how life-changing art can be. -Indeed. I've seen a lot of people change their mind about the arts when they experience it firsthand. That must be wonderful, but difficult to imagine. Not if you present it in a way that people can relate to. Hang on. -You've just solved everything. -I have? We're both going to get exactly what we want, and you're going to help me do it. I'm not...it,. I'm not following. What's the "Art Of Christmas"? It's the name of the event we want to put on. So, the Duke loves Christmas, but isn't so sure about the arts. -OK, I got that part. -Right, so, Lila and I are devising a program that features singing, instrumental music, painting... It'll basically give the Duke a first-hand experience of what Whitaker's School will actually be like. Essentially, we'd be bringing the arts to life in order to persuade the Duke to give his manor to the school. -And what about the carousel? -I will be here every day from 7:00 to noon, and then I'll call you as soon as we're done, and I can come back after. Sounds like a pretty busy schedule. Have I ever let you down before? Never. ♪ [Heidi] Hello? Is anyone here? Hey, Heidi! I came to invite you and Lila to our Christmas tree lighting tonight, but where is everyone? Have you got a minute? Are you concerned that the carousel -won't be finished in time? -A little. But it's not really that. I... I don't know. What is it? Just that Lila's been so busy teaching lately. I was kind of looking forward to spending a little time with her. I know it probably sounds silly. No, not at all! I know that feeling very well. -You have kids? -Four. All in different countries. Different countries? How do you handle that? Carefully. I learned a long time ago that the best way of keeping my children close was by letting them go, I suppose. -But don't you miss them? -Terribly. Especially since my husband passed away several years ago. But I love my work, and we visit whenever we can. I'm sorry to hear about your husband. I'm a widower. Eight years. It's almost five for me. It's funny how it seems like just yesterday. But on the other hand, time has flown by. Isn't that the truth. Do you mind if I ask you kind of a personal question? Well, it depends. What is it? Do your kids ever try to set you up? Ah! Yes. They created a profile for me on one of those dating apps. Lila did the same thing for me, too! Did you ever go on one of those dates? I did. He spent the whole of the night trying to sell me insurance. Mine tried to read my aura. It's blue... whatever that means. I guess we're both just a little old-fashioned. I suppose we are. So, I hope that you will be able to attend the Christmas tree lighting tonight. I wouldn't miss it for the world. [soft piano music] [laughing] [Lila] OK! So I will call around to schools and see if we can get some student artwork. Is the venue gonna allow us to hang paintings on the wall? Yes, that won't be a problem. Ah, you know, on that topic, I actually teach monthly art class. We could feature some of the paintings, if you'd like. -Really? -What, you don't like the idea? No, I love the idea. [hushed] I'm just surprised that a prince would do something like that. Well, what can I say? I'm a man of my people. Can you have them do some winter scenes for our Christmas theme? Yes, that will be our next class. Perfect! OK, so now we need to pick out music. -[Whitaker] Mhm. -We need to find a guitarist, audition some singers, get decorations for the space... And how do you feel about giving a speech the opening night? Hmm. Um... mmm. Can I think about it? It's just, public speaking and I have never been friends. [chuckling] OK. Adding "speech" to the list. Check! Um so, how many, uh, items does that spreadsheet have so far? Um, we've got... four, seven, twelve, twen... twenty-four... And we're not done. Um, what do you think of the idea of adding an acapella solo to the Christmas Eve gala? I love it. So we can focus on fine art and instrumental music the first night, and save all the soloists for the Christmas Eve gala. On that topic... [exhaling] My niece studies voice. Would it be far too nepotistic for me to give her the Christmas Eve solo? -I think that is very sweet. -[Whitaker] Good. Great. So, it's five o'clock. If we get started now... Oh my gosh, I completely forgot. The Christmas tree decorating. -Christmas tree decorating? -That's a great idea... No, no, no, no! The royal Christmas tree decorating -at the... at the palace! -Oh. -You're gonna love it. -[Lila] OK! ♪ -I just love all the detail. -[Whitaker] Yes, of course. -Madame. Good evening, sir. -[Lila] Hello. [Whitaker] So, the thing about these frescoes is they were painted with egg yolk. Which makes some of the yellow... The same thing that DaVinci... -Whoa, there, Stringbean! -Hi, Uncle Whit! -Lila, this is Maya, my niece. -Hello! Maya's perhaps the only person in the world who can both skip and sing at full volume at the same time! Well, that is quite a skill. Congratulations! It's sort of a habit of mine, really. Maya's parents are good enough to let us have her all to ourselves this Christmas holiday. But mother and father will be back for Christmas. They love to ski, but not me. Are you working with Uncle Whit? -I am. -Yes... Lila is helping me plan the Art Of Christmas. What's the Art Of Christmas? Well, I will tell you all about it, but we shouldn't keep your grandfather waiting. Come on. Follow me, I know all the shortcuts. ♪ Deck the halls with boughs of holly ♪ ♪ Fa-la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la! ♪ [Whitaker] Well, now that the tree is decorated, it's time to light the traditional Christmas carousel. Ah, look how pretty it is! Do you like our Christmas carousel? Well, it isn't exactly what I expected, -but yes, I like it very much! -Good. Now, it's time for my favourite part: -Christmas cookies! -They're so good! Maya makes them with Whitaker every year. [King] Whitaker, tell me more about this program of yours and Miss Thomas. It sounds, er, quite ambitious. Well, I don't disagree. But in addition to teaching, Miss Thomas has quite a bit of experience planning art programs. So she assures me that we can manage it. Miss Thomas, you are a woman of many skills. She's been that way ever since she was a little girl. I had her working alongside me when she was... well, Maya's age! Well, it's only because I have a father who always believed I could do anything I set out to do. [Maya] What about singing? You've got to have singing at the art event, right? We were actually hoping that you could sing a solo. At the Christmas Eve Gala. What do you think of that? A solo?! Did you hear that, Grandpa? -I did indeed. -I've never sung solo before. I mean, in front of an audience. Well, from what I've heard so far, I think you are the person for the job. She caught me singing in the hall! But I can do much better if I'm not skipping. Yes. What do you say, Stringbean? Can we pick a song? I have a song book in my room. -Come, let me show you! -She doesn't waste any time... No. You two will make a great team. Whitaker? A moment, please. Miss Thomas... er, your involvement is, er, strictly professional, I assume? Yes, of course. Good. Very good. Carry on. ♪ ♪ We wish you a merry Christmas, we wish you a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ We wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year ♪ Oh! That was wonderful, Maya! It was a bit shaky in the middle part. You do not worry. By the time the gala rolls around, you're going to be able to sing this backwards in your sleep. I think that's a wonderful rehearsal technique. But then, I've always been a proponent of singing -backwards in one's sleep. -He's just joking. Me?! Joke? Uh-uh. [deep, goofy voice] Princes don't joke. Only you, but I'll allow it. Well, if you will allow me to say so, we have a lot of work to do today, so we better get going. She's a wicked taskmaster. You don't want to cross her. ♪ Here you go. -It's gonna be right here. -Oh, yeah. It really is exquisite, Roy. Well, it better be. It's a Wishing Horse A Wishing Horse? Oh, that sounds quite scientific. Are you doubting the power of the Wishing Horse? No, of course not. No, it sounds entirely foolproof. Alright. So how does one go about -wishing on a Wishing Horse? -Well, the first rule is you need a wish. And the most important rule is that you wait until the third rotation to make your wish. Got it. Only promise not to reveal any of this to Maya, or she'll have a horse living in her closet. She's coming to our art class today... oh, wait! -Yes! Speaking of which... -Oh, yes. Dad, we've got to go, but I will come back later -and help clean all this up. -You two go. I'll get it. Mmm, you're the best. I love what you're doing there. It's very bright. Now, you have really captured the moment! Keep going. -Yes? -I can't seem to get -the feeling I want. -Which is? [student] I want it to feel welcoming and warm. The way you do at Christmas! Um... I would, um, focus on the light in the windows. [Whitaker] You know, light is always a challenge. I've often run into the same problem myself. -May I suggest a trick? -I'd be honoured, Your Highness. Er, please, just Whit. Um, so, let's start with the base colour you're working with, which is already quite good. Now, let's switch the blending brush. [overlapping chatter] It is refreshing to remember that there's -more to life than simply work. -Absolutely. -This is nice, isn't it? -It is. [Whitaker, Lila, & Maya singing] ♪ We wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year ♪ [laughing] Heidi! Roy! You're taking a little break finally, I see. No, no, we're actually hard at work. We painted our Christmas paintings, and now helping pick out decorations for the art event! Well! Wouldn't want to interrupt your work. -You guys have fun. -[Lila] You too! [Maya] Whoa! What about these decorations? Can we get some, Uncle Whit? -Alright. Two boxes, please. -[girl] Hi, Maya! [Whitaker] I never hear the end of it with you. [Maya] That's my friend Rachel. Can I go say hi? As long as you stay in the market... -[Maya] I promise! -Really? Thank you very much. Merry Christmas. OK, so I don't think I told you, but one of the choirs has a scheduling conflict, but I'm working on that. And I'm hoping you know some other painters, because I'd like to fill all the walls for the opening night. What? Do I have something in my teeth? Just... I don't believe I've thanked you. -For what? -For helping me. Well, I'm glad I could. This gave me a chance to do something I love. Good. I feel the same way. Wow! This is beautiful. That is perfect for Christmas. -Good. It's yours. -What?! Oh, no, no, no! I shouldn't have said anything. -[Whitaker] Please, I want to. -This is WAY too much. Ah, well, I'm sorry, I'm afraid I want to. -[cell phone chiming] -[Lila inhales sharply] Oh, don't tell me one of the choirs is cancelled. No, it's my colleague. She's asking if I've applied for that program director position yet. And something tells me you haven't. I feel bad enough leaving my dad as much as I do right now. I can't imagine leaving the business entirely. Well, I could be wrong, but, uh, perhaps your father's -more resilient than you think. -Maybe. But I do know that fathers can be tricky business. Yeah, that's a good way of putting it. -Shall we? -[Lila] Yes. I had a wonderful time. Us too! Right, Uncle Whit? We most certainly did. Goodnight. -Goodnight. Goodnight. -Goodnight! [Lila chuckling] [door creaks & clicks shut] I really like her! Do you? Can you keep a secret? [hushed] I do too. ♪ ♪ OK. Off to bed with you. -Goodnight, Uncle Whit. -Goodnight, Stringbean. ♪ Father. What are you still doing up? We need to talk. [ominous music] I'll get right to the point. I believe you're spending too much time with Miss Thomas. We're working on palace business, Father. I thought you'd be pleased. Initiative aside, I feel I must be frank: Miss Thomas is not my only concern. Is that so? I can't help thinking... your lightheartedness and creative pursuits on the whole... well, they detract from more serious concerns you should be attending to as prince. I... I understand. You like to have a good time -and dabble in art... -Dabble? Is that what you think of what I do? Whitaker... there is a certain gravitas the future king must demonstrate. All his activities must reflect a seriousness and decorum worthy of the crown! And in that regard... well, you have fallen short of the mark. I'd hoped that I wouldn't need to explain all that, -but perhaps I do. -No, no, no, Father. You have made that perfectly clear for years. Then you must know that marriage is a part of accepting your position in life. And Margaret is perfectly suited for the role of your wife. I don't love Margaret, Father. It's time you signified your intention to marry. I only have your best interest at heart, Whitaker. [chuckling dryly] Whether you believe that or not. Ask Margaret to the gala. Goodnight. [sighing] ♪ ♪ ♪ -Oh, hello!Good morning! You're off to an early start. Yes, well, the event starts tomorrow, and, uh... I had a bit of a hard time getting to sleep last night, so. It looks like you pretty much finished! Oh, yes. Well, ah, one or two more touch-ups, but the murals should be all finished by Christmas. Well, I brought you some coffee. Oh, thanks! Well, I'm... I'm off. Where to? Uh, Heidi's meeting me at the gallery to hang the paintings. I thought you and I were gonna do that together? Yes, but, you know, I just figured that you, er, you know, you had your hands full here, and she's already planned to meet me. -Right. -[Whitaker] Yeah. -OK. -Keep up the good work, you two. ♪ ♪ I would have thought that Lila would have been -the one to help with this. -Yes, well, she's quite busy at the moment, so... Whitaker, has your father spoken to you about Lila? Ah. Ah-ha-ha. Ah, you've heard about that, huh? No. No, um, but I did see the aftermath. [exhaling] Your Highness, I know this is an extremely personal matter, -but may I be candid? -Of course. At my age, you begin to understand that there truly is nothing of value except love. And all the rest, even an entire kingdom, pales in comparison. If you get a chance at it, don't let it pass. [exhaling] [Roy] You seem awfully quiet today. I do? You're a lot like your mom. You know that? She had a hard time asking for what she needed, even though she was a very strong woman. Are you saying I'm not asking for something I need? I may be way off base here, but my guess sis you need to figure out where you stand with Whitaker. -Am I right? -You're right. It's just... it's all pretty confusing. Honey... if you don't know something, the easiest way to find out is to ask. It's that simple. ♪ -Hello! -Hello. Thank you for letting me stop by. Of course. I know you were busy this morning. Yes, yes. Now, I've... I've wanted to talk to you too. ♪ There you are. -Thank you. -My pleasure. It's hard to believe the art event starts tomorrow. Yes. Even harder to believe that everything is done! Right? No more planning. -So, I wanted... -[Whitaker] Lila... You first. Ah. Well... [uncomfortable chuckling] Yes. Um... [sighing] Well, I thought... perhaps, before we went any further... Look, anyone that entertains any sort of relationship with me needs to understand that things are going to be complicated. Complicated. How? Well, um, take, for instance, my father. He expects quite a lot of me, and, uh, for instance, he's rather keen that I should take Margaret to the Christmas Eve gala. -I didn't know that. -Yes, well, you see the... the gala has historically been a venue for royalty to announce one's intentions to marry. And you're taking Margaret to the gala. Well, I hadn't planned on it, no, but I'm... I'm getting off track here, so let me... let me try this another way. Um... ♪ For years, I have avoided marriage, because if I did marry, I would be expected to ascend the throne. Are you saying you don't want to be king? No. No, it's not that. It's just that I... I don't want to be forced to become someone that I'm not. And you would have to do that as king? Yes. There is a certain mould that one must fit into. I would essentially be required to give up everything that is dear to me: My art, my creativity, even my sense of humour. But if you are king, couldn't you be anyone you want? [chuckling] I only wish it were that simple. Um... the point is this. Uh... Because I have avoided marriage, for years I made women my friends rather than get involved, which is why I wanted to talk to you. Uh, I felt it was only fair to tell you how I feel. OK. I... I understand. I... I mean, I feel the same way. You do? Yeah. I... I do. Good. Then we can both agree that we're... Friends. ♪ Exactly. ♪ Well, I guess that calls for a toast. -Um, to... friendship? -To friendship. [clink] ♪ ♪ Thank you for showing me the lights. -Of course. -And... I guess we'll both see each other tomorrow. -Yes. -Good. Tomorrow. Goodnight. Yes. Goodnight. ♪ ♪ How did it go? Not as I hoped. [soft sombre music] ♪ [sighs and clears throat] [phone ringing] [sighs] Hello, Margaret. No, no, no, no. I'm well. Just a bit tired. Yes, well, I, uh... [laughs] sorry to do this at such a late date, but you know, You know me! Um, I was wondering, if you're not otherwise engaged, if you might consider accompanying me to the Christmas Eve gala. Christmas" instrumental]A y -[guests laughing & chatting] -Oh, wow! Hi! Welcome to the first annual Art of Christmas. Boy, you sure did it up right, hun. -Has the Duke arrived yet? -Yes. He's over there with Margaret and the King. I will go and put in a good word. -[Roy] Everything looks great! -Thanks. ♪ Very nice. Very Christmassy. Yes, they are, aren't they? This one's quite nice, isn't it? There's something about it... it reminds me of when I was young. It really is quite lovely, isn't it? Yes. Uh... -Grandpa, have you seen mine? -I don't believe I have. Look, it's you and me and Uncle Whit and Lila at the Christmas tree lighting. -Why it is, isn't it? -Do you like it? No, I don't like it. I love it! [muttering under breath] I believe it's time for your speech! Right. About that. Um... I'm just not sure if it's right. It's what you said last night, it stuck with me. -What did? -Just because I'm royalty doesn't mean that I'm required to be something that I'm not, and this speech, I... I'm afraid it sounds like something my father would say, not me. Well, it's up to you, but I vote for being the real you. -The real me? -Yes, the real you. Just be your warm, witty, charming self. That's truly how you see me? That's truly how I see you. ♪ -No pressure. -[Lila] Thank you so much. Hello! Can I have your attention, please? Welcome to the opening night of the first annual Art of Christmas celebration. I'm Lila Thomas, and I have had the pleasure of helping Prince Whitaker organize this event. So, without further ado, Prince Whitaker has a few words. -Your Highness? -[exhaling] [attendees applauding] Uh... [nervous laughter] [clearing throat] Ah, sorry. Good evening. Hello. Alright... Uh, thank you for coming out to the... the first annual Art of Christmas event, um, celebrating Ancadia's wonderful young artists, uh, and... and old artists. As many of you know, we are, um, uh, starting an art school here in the community, and tonight is just a small snapshot of what that school will be. [scattered muttering] [soft music] Hmm... I must admit, I... I had a much longer and somewhat formal speech prepared, but I, uh... well, the truth is, I'm... I'm not actually a very formal person. In fact, I spend most of my days covered in paint. -[attendees laughing] -It's true! I suppose you could say that, um, pomp and circumstance aren't important to me. But art is. People are. And as Miss Thomas, my partner in this event, so beautifully put it: "once someone really connects with art, there's no going back." Lives can be enriched forever, just as my life has been enriched from my involvement in the arts. And I hope tonight's event is a... is evidence of that. ♪ With that said, um, may your holidays be noisy and merry, if you like them noisy and merry. May they be quiet and peaceful if you like them quiet and peaceful. But mostly, I hope they are filled with love... ♪ And maybe a little less herring. [attendees laughing] Alright, enjoy the event. Merry Christmas, everyone! [all applauding] And what do you think of Whitaker's -school project, Miss Thomas? -I think it's a testament to his creativity, generosity, and imagination. -You were incredible! -Ah. Couldn't have done it without you. ♪ -Goodnight. Thank you. -Goodnight. -Lovely night. Very festive. -Oh, I'm so glad you enjoyed it! Sorry Margaret had to leave so early. Oh, um, well, um... we have several lovely vocal performances tomorrow night, including my niece. I look forward to it. Ah, may I assume you are still entertaining our proposal for the Christmas initiative? I am. In fact, I've narrowed my decision -to you and one other proposal. -Well. Uh, hopefully it wouldn't be too forward of me to say that I hope we come out the victor. Yes. Well. Goodnight, everyone. Goodnight. Whitaker! I believe everyone enjoyed the evening. -I hope so, Father. -And thank you, Miss Thomas. -I was quite impressed. -[Lila] Thank you. -Goodnight. -Goodnight, Your Majesty. ♪ That was the first time I've ever heard my father approve of one of my endeavours. Even if he did say to you, rather than to me. He's never told you that he's proud of you? Actually, no... not that it matters. No, but it does matter. To both of you. We don't share the same kind of closeness -that you and your father do. -Well, maybe this is his way of taking a step in the right direction. -[Whitaker exhaling] -So, what about the Duke? You think we have them convinced? I think we made some inroads, but in the end, he seemed quite non-committal. If only there was some way we could tip the scales. Well, it's as you said. I mean, a truly personal connection to the arts would be best, but... What if we had Maya sing his favourite Christmas song? I think that might be a good idea. -Do you know what it is? -No. But... -I know someone who might. -[laughing] Hang on. -[phone line ringing] -[Margaret] Hello? Margaret! Sorry for calling so late. Um, I was wondering, does your father have -a favourite Christmas song? -Favourite Christmas song? Yes, I believe there was one! It involved a family tradition. They would gather around the fireplace on Christmas Eve, open a single gift, and then close it with a song. -Excellent. -Do you remember -the name of the song? -Uh, actually, no. No, it's always actually frustrated Father. He wanted to reprise the tradition, but he couldn't remember the name of the song. I'm sorry. Thank you for trying. We appreciate it. Uh, yes, we do, very much. You're welcome. Well, goodnight. Goodnight. I have an idea. Ah! Follow me. Come on! ["Joy To The World" instrumental] Ah! Can't sleep, eh? I think I'm nervous about my solo tomorrow. -What are you doing? -I wanted to check something in the royal histories. Searching the records about a certain song. Ancadia has long-kept handwritten accounts of all the royal houses and their traditions, and I was always fascinated by these as a child because they were so detailed, and some even came with these -beautifully-rendered drawings. -Can I help? Sure. We're looking for the Sterling House, something about a song sung on Christmas Eve. Come on! Oh, it's gotten late. To bed with you, Stringbean. Wait, come look at this. Do you think this could be the song? Sterling Christmas Eve... yes, I think this might be it. And the tradition started in 1909 and ended in 1959. "The Coventry Carol." Hmm. ♪ -[giggling] -Maya, do you think you could sing this for your solo tomorrow instead? A new song? I don't know. Well, why don't you sleep on it, and we can try it tomorrow? -Off you go. -Yes. -Goodnight. -Goodnight! [wind whistling softly] I don't feel good. My stomach feels funny. [Whitaker] I think they call that stage fright, little bug.. It took me almost two weeks to get the other song perfect! I can't get a new one perfect in one day. No one expects you to do it perfectly. Look, I know that sometimes it feels like people expect a lot of us, -but all we can do is our best. -And you love singing! So you just have to let that shine through. Sometimes it's important for us to do what's difficult for us. We wouldn't want our fears to hold us back, would we? How does the other one go? Do you want me to sing it, and then you can try? Alright. It goes like this: ♪ Lu-lei-bell little, tiny child ♪ ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ -You wanna sing with me? -Yeah! [laughs] ♪ Lu-lei-bell little, tiny child ♪ ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ You were wonderful with her in there. [Lila] Oh, thank you. Lila, Whatever happens, I just want you to know something. I think you're wonderful, too. I feel the same way. I mean, about you, not about... me. -Did I just ruin that? -[laughs] No. -Good. -No, not at all. No, you did just fine. [chuckling] Um... oh, and, by the way... -What is it? -Well, it's a thank you. And a, uh, bit of an early Christmas present, I suppose. [Lila gasping] Oh, Whit! It's the necklace from the Christmas market. [laughs] Do you like it? I love it! [giggling] -Good. May I? -[Lila] Of course. ♪ I want you... I want you to wear this... ♪ ...whenever you feel that you don't have the proper courage to ask for whatever it is you truly want. Thank you. I love it. Yes, well... ♪ I've really enjoyed our time together, so thank you for everything. ♪ OK. Well, I should get back to my dad. Indeed. Thank you. ♪ ♪ [Whitaker] Father? I've been doing some thinking. [King] Whitaker. Afternoon. I know we haven't seen eye-to-eye on many things. I also know that it's not our way to discuss our differences, let alone our feelings, but someone, namely Lila, has encouraged me to at... well, at least try. -She did, did she? -Yes. And look, I know how you feel about Miss Thomas, but the fact is, I've developed certain feelings. Look, the long and short of it is, I can't take Margaret to the gala. -Good decision. -Please, just... listen to me for once! I... Excuse me? [soft music] [sighing] I owe you an apology. You do? I should never have forced your hand with Margaret. Clearly you and Lila had an affinity from the start. But it wasn't until the art show when I finally understood how important it was for you to be with someone who not only understands and compliments you... ♪ ...but who makes you shine. ♪ I only wish I could have done the same many years ago. ♪ Um... so... You have my blessing, son. ♪ ♪ [sniffling] Ah. [chuckling] That was awkward, wasn't it? No. No, not at all. I'm very proud of you, son. Thank you, Father. That, uh... [clearing throat] means the world to me. ♪ -Excuse me, Lila? -Oh, hi! I was actually hoping to find Whitaker. Oh. He... he just left a little while ago. Oh. Yeah, I just... I needed to speak with him before we go -to the gala tonight. -"We"? Yes. He asked me last night, didn't he tell you? Oh. Well, if you see him, will you please tell him I need to speak with him? It's important. Thank you. And, um, merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. ♪ [melancholy music] ♪ Hey! [sniffling] ♪ -Hey, Dad -Hey, honey. -You OK? -I actually need to talk to you. I just got off the phone with Nicole. -From your school? -Yes. And I have an interview for a full-time position as program director. I'm gonna leave tonight right after Maya's performance. -What? -Please don't be angry. Angry? Why would I be angry? -Is it what you really want? -Yes, it is. Then it's what I want. All I've ever wanted was for you to be happy. -But Dad, the business. -Oh, honey, I'll handle the business myself. You need to live your own life. Like I live mine. Have you told Whitaker you're leaving? No. He's announcing his engagement to Margaret at the gala. You're sure? Unless I'm nuts, that man has feelings for you. That's why I'm leaving tonight. There's certain things that he's obligated to do. Things that are very hard for him, and he doesn't need me making it even harder. ♪ -[chuckling] -[Roy] I love you. [Margaret] Thank you. Ah, yes, Margaret. I was just coming to you. Whit, something has been bothering me. -Terribly so. -Oh. Well, please. Mags, look... Before we begin, I do hope you know how much you mean to be. I do. And you to me. You're my oldest friend. We have an entire childhood we share together. And yet... You're not in love with me. I'm so sorry. Please! Don't be, Whit. I came here to tell you... that I'm not in love with you either. [Margaret exhaling] [chuckling] To think, there we were, hours away from announcing our engagement! Well, it's what we do, isn't it? Follow the path set to us by others. Until now. Are you Alright? You know what? I am. And I have you and Lila to thank for that. You know, you made me realize that I deserve to be with someone I'm besotted with, and who appreciates me as well. So thank you. ♪ ["Deck The Halls" instrumental] [indistinct conversation] Have you seen Lila? No. I'm sure she's here somewhere. It's just, Maya's solo is about to begin, and I can't imagine where she is. Hmm. I'm sorry I can't stay for Christmas, but my plane leaves tonight. But you're saying to hear me sing, aren't you? I wouldn't miss it for the world! I hope you know this isn't goodbye. I do. But right now, your daughter needs you by her side. Come. -I'm really going to miss you. -Oh, I'm gonna miss you, too. You know, it's almost time. My stomach feels funny again. You are gonna be wonderful! [party din] ♪ Lords and ladies, if I may have everyone's attention. For our next presentation, we have a very special treat. Princess Maya is to sing for us a beautiful Christmas classic. -[attendees applauding] -Whoo! Tonight, I will be singing... Tonight, I will be singing the Coventry Carol. I was going to sing We Wish You A Merry Christmas, -but I changed my mind. -[all laughing] Now, I haven't had much practice for this song, so I hope you don't mind if I don't do it perfectly. [scattered chuckling] ♪ Lu-lei-bell little, tiny child ♪ ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ ♪ Lu-lei-bell little, tiny child ♪ ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ ♪ Frost on the pane and candy canes ♪ ♪ Children count down [voice cracks] the d... days ♪ [crowd murmurs] ♪ ♪ Carols sung and stockings hung ♪ [both] ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ ♪ Come all to see this noble tree ♪ ♪ Celebrate Christmas Day ♪ ♪ And spread good cheer from far to near ♪ ♪ Bye-bye lu-lee, lu-lei ♪ [all clapping & cheering] Brava! Oh, you were brilliant! Well done, Maya. Very, very well done. [Maya] Thank you. ♪ Your song has meant the world to me, Maya. You've made an old man feel like a child at Christmas again. -[chuckling] Thank you! -You're welcome. I'll have you know, it takes quite a lot to crack -this crusty old shell of mine. -[Maya giggling] I believe I finally see the merit of that school of yours. -The manor is yours. -Really? Oh, um, thank you very much. We can discuss the details later, but for now, congratulations. Well-deserved. Now, if you'll excuse me. [excited laughing] Well done, Stringbean! Alright, um, let's go find Lila and tell her -the good news, eh? -She's already gone. She's gone? What do you mean? [Lila] Thank you. ♪ ♪ [panting] ♪ [overlapping chatter] -[King] What's going on? -She's left. -Why? -I don't know. [Margaret] Oh, dear. I believe I know what all this fuss is about. [melancholy music] [cell phone buzzing] Don't you want to see who that is? It's probably Whit again. [sighing] It is. He seems awfully anxious to get a hold of you for someone who's about to be engaged. Dad, he made his choice. [Lila] Hi, this is Lila! Leave a message. Thank you! Either they're in the mountains, or she won't pick up. Well, there must be some way to convince her. Wh... what? I can't just magically change her mind! ♪ What is it, son? ♪ When did you get that necklace? Whit give it to me. He told me to wear it whenever I needed the courage to ask for what I really want. [wind whistling] [ethereal music] ♪ Well. I realize this is slightly more than a little unorthodox, but... [click] [machinery whirring] ♪ ♪ One... [overlapping chatter] ♪ I'm so sorry, son. What now? I don't know. Oh, my... [melodic music swells] Lila. [laughing] I'm not asking you to change your mind, but I couldn't leave without... at least telling you how I feel. I've fallen in love with you. ♪ ♪ You're not going to believe this. But it worked. [laughing] What worked? The Wishing Horse. I wished for you to come back. [chuckling] You did? I did ask Margaret to this gala, but it's only because I thought you didn't feel the same way that I did. But there is no one on this Earth that I would rather be with than you. -But, Whit... -Lila. ♪ ♪ Don't you know? I've loved you since the moment you nearly knocked me off that ladder. [both chuckling] I knew it! You're in love! Can you cancel that very important interview now? What? The program director position at your school? Yes. I took your advice and I talked to my dad. -I have an interview this week. -Well, um... what if I were to offer you the same position at the Royal Academy of Art here in Ancadia? It's to be housed at a wonderful manor I know of. Wait, the manor?! Did you get it? No, WE got it. And I would also be honoured to hire a certain someone as the carousel's royal caretaker. You never know when it's going to be in need of a restoration. You don't have to twist my arm. Good! Now that that's all sorted, what do you say to giving this little one -her surprise just a bit early? -[Lila] Ooh! -A surprise? For me? -For you! I think that is a brilliant idea. -Good. Come on. -Come with us! Come on! OK! -Don't you dare look! -No peeking, no peeking. [Whitaker] Alright, no peeking! Alright, Stringbean, merry Christmas! [Maya] The carousel! It looks brand new! You've outdone yourself, son. [Heidi] It's outstanding work, everyone, truly. -Can we ride it? Can we? -Yes, of course! I'd be disappointed if you didn't. [Maya] I'm gonna ride on the Wishing Horse! I'm gonna wish for a pony! He can live in my closet. I warned you. Alright, everybody! All aboard! ♪ ♪ ♪ -Merry Christmas, Lila. -[chuckling] Merry Christmas. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [upbeat, festive music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪