Frost fills the sky over Ten Mile Lake Silken threads anxious of youth. Looking at the moon and feeling lonely. Envious of love, not of immortality. This painting will remind you of me. Sian's grave? Sian died long ago. She's a ghost? Yes I'm a ghost but I bring mortals no harm. I died far away from my home An evil spirit took my corpse and won't let me rest in peace. If you want to save me, move my bones away from here. Then it will be possible for me to be reincarnated. Sian I will save you. Sian Ning You dare oppose me? I will never excuse you from death Let them go, please. The Diamond Sutra We've escaped Sian, we're safe Dawn is breaking. Sian, hide in the tower of ashes. If the sun's rays shine on you, you'll never... be reincarnated. Ning, good-bye forever I hope that Sian will be reincarnated. I must return to the Orchid Buddhist Monastery. If you need me, you can find me there. Take care Who is that young man! He's the poor scholar who lived two blocks away Things have changed since he was last here Wasn't he that shop's bill collector? He doesn't even know it went out of business long ago! Welcome! Welcome! The bill collector's here How much money did you collect? We're here to catch escaped convicts It's the police! Run! Pursue them! You're Bing Chow?! You made a mistake He has a beard and I don't! You shaved it off! Take him back and collect the reward Get in! I haven't committed any crime! Let me go I've been wrongly accused! Let me go I've been wrongly accused! You made a mistake I'm not Bing Chow! I am wrongly accused! My name is Ning, not Bing Chow Old man may I ask who... A man, just like you, fated to being imprisoned So pessimistic! It's all me elders' fault, insisting I get an education When I grew up, I was learned and wrote backs But when I write of my travels I'm accused of revealing state secrets When I write of history, they say I'm satirizing the present If I analyze military strategy, they say I'm planning a rebellion I can't even write fairy tales for they accuse me of promoting superstition Finally, I wrote the biography of a powerful man Then he was arrested, accused of being a rebel We were both sentenced to life imprisonment Wouldn't you say that prison is my fate? A cockroach! Where? Cockroach?! You're really wasteful! The cockroaches here are of the best quality There are no delicacies here After you're been here a while you'll even salivate ever a housefly Old man, how long have your been here? I was your age when I first arrived Look how I've changed! Full of character! You've been here a long time! Help! I am innocent! I'm not Bing Chow! I am innocent! You've made a mistake I'm not Bing Chow! Another nightmare What did you dream this time? I dreamt you were haggard and exhausted Exhausted?! True, you will soon be totally exhausted You have nightmares every night Look at the calendar You've been here so long and still can't adjust Soon you'll even forget that your last name is Chow Old man, my last name isn't Chow! Bing Chow! Supper! OK A chicken leg?! Happy days are here again! Old man! There's only one bowl You eat first No, it's for you I'd rather eat cockroaches I'll tell you something when you've finished I haven't had chicken in a long time Old man, why are you carving my name? All these men ate chicken legs We call that chicken a headless chicken After you've eaten it, they chop off your head! Chop off your head?! Bing Chow, we have no personal quarrel Don't come back from the grave and seek revenge on me! They behead people at noon It's now the middle of the night Some official's son got in trouble and they're looking for a substitute At night the executioner can't tell one from another Is there no justice in the world? Is there no reward for being a good man? It is of no concern to me I was always an honest man I'll give you whatever I can This painting was a gift from my dearest one I don't want to part with it even in death Young man, you have a good heart Let me give you a present You are so learned It is fortunate that I die rather than you You're a good man Such a pity you have to die It would be a pity if you died, not me Anybody's death is a pity You're a rare specimen If you die, your type will be extinct It's been a long time since I set somebody free This tunnel leads to the outside Go out and start anew Don't give me such false hopes If this is an escape route, why didn't you escape long ago? It's less troublesome for me to write my book here When I finish, then I'll escape and get it printed Don't worry about me Always keep this bundle with you Once you're out of here never come back! Get going! What will happen to you after I've gone? They like hearing my stories So long as I don't get to the story's end They'll never harm me But they'll accuse you of helping me escape I'll say you were put to death for somebody else two days ago They won't dare make a fuse Go! Take care! Bing Chow! The time has come! Hurry up! Bing Chow! He's dead I've escaped! There's even a horse here waiting for me! That old man is really remarkable! I must reply his kindness someday Hey! That's my horse! What a stupid horse! Letting a stranger ride him! I don't even have time to wash my hands! You think you're fast over land I'll go underground! Open sesame! I must find a place to get out of this downpour! Good! A House! Open the door! "Righteous Villa" Anybody home? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 Eight Coffins! Must be the whole family I won't disturb you I just want to stay the night Don't bother to get up I'll take care of myself I told you not to go to any trouble. Please go back! The way you rush about in no fixed direction! I had a hard time following you underground Don't you have any idea where you're going? Your face looks so horrible, you must have suffered a painful death If you'd rushed around underground all day like me you wouldn't have the energy to come back to the surface I don't know you Why are you following me? I don't know you either so why did you take my horse? That's your horse? I thought it was the old man's Still you should have asked before taking it You're alive! Sorry! It's all a misunderstanding If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know Enough of your tricks! A good thing my reactions are so fast Friend, you need a place to stay the night Here there's a roof over your head Might as well stay here How do I know what you'd do after I fell asleep? I knew it! Let's draw up some boundaries I'm staying next door If you have something to say, shout it! Don't come over I haven't bathed in a long time Who is it? Are you a mortal? Hey, friend next door! Get up! There's ghosts! Get up! Do you hear me? Hurry and get up! Not a sound Maybe he left already What a nuisance! Friend, there are fierce ghosts here! Ghosts? I'll use my magic to banish them! Ghosts and goblins I order you to leave! Oh, you understand the occult! My nose is sensitive to other worldly spirits... So why do I smell nothing now? Get out of the way! Abracadabra! Strange! Not even a hint of ghostly odor! Abracadabra! Hocus-pocus flash! They're coming Leave! You're not even real ghosts! Wasting my occult talents! Phonies? Want to trick me? A good thing you have a waistband Stay away from me! I'm falling... Stop hugging me! Let go! If I let go, I'll fall! If you don't let go, I'll... Hsiao-tsing?! Hsiao-tsing?! Hocus-pocus heebie-jeebie! I order you to freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Hsiao-tsing, is that you? What kind of black magic is that? Let them go! Otherwise I'll kill him Oh... Freeze! Kill him! He's no friend of mine! Elder Chu Kot! Chu Kot?! Are you Elder Chu Kot traveling incognito? Elder who? Your disciple is deeply sorry Disciple?! Elder Chu Kot?! Hsiao-tsing, it's me! Don't you recognize me? We come from a good family My name is Windy This is my younger sister, Moon Elder Chu Kot Elder, you can save us My father is Lord Fu the ex-Minister of Rites He was framed. They're now transporting him to be executed We want to attack the transport wagon and rescue him You are the learned and brilliant Chu Kot You two are loyal imperial warriors Everyone is an eminent personage Now it's my turn to introduce myself I am... Spell! My name is Autumn from the Kunlun sect I've read everything that the Elder has written I only use my magic to battle demons I never get involved in affairs of state We pay our respects to Elder Chu Kot My name is Ning, not Chu Kot I can tell you are clever Clever people do not always reveal their identities Anyway, in our hearts we know who you really are How can I make you believe me? No need for you to say anything Everybody remember... From now on Elder Chu Kot will be known as Ning Chu Kot is Ning Yes! We will now take an oath Whoever reveal their identities will be chopped up into 10,000 pieces Yes! Such an honour that you rode my horse! Hsiao-tsing, do you remember this painting and poem? Hsiao-tsing? Poem? He's reciting poetry Quickly, pen and paper We must record what he says Elder is giving us a hint Hurry! Frost fills the sky over Ten Mile Lake; Silken threads anxious of youth Looking at the moon and feeling lonely Envious of lovers, not of immortality Very profound! What does "ten mile" mean? Ten mile! It is all very deep His words are too profound Ten Mile? That must mean Ten Mile Pavilion What do you mean? There's a Ten Mile Pavilion near hear That's right! Sister, "ten mile' refers to Ten Mile Pavilion It's nearby I understand Ten Mile Pavilion is not far from here "Frost" refers to Frost's Descent Each year has 24 climatic periods... After the autumnal equinox comes the frost... and today is the day of Frost's Descent Elder is telling us that father will be transported past Ten Mile Pavilion He's telling us to rescue him there Elder is truly perceptive We can save father We had it right! Good It hurts! What's the matter? Get up! Reporting! Miss Windy! Your father will pass the Ten Mile Pavilion tonight We already know that Elder is truly brilliant! But what about the rest of the poem? What do those two stanzas mean? Three stanzas The meaning doesn't matter now Interpret it in any way you desire He means that we should have our own views... not just listen to what other people say, right? So, should we still listen to what Elder says? Not only listen but take notes and ponder his meaning We must pass his wisdom on to future generations Right! Time to leave! Good-bye We're off to Ten Mile Pavilion Yes. We're off to Ten Mile Pavilion Miss Windy, please return Hsiao-tsing's painting to me Yes, Elder When you call me Hsiao-tsing, is that a hint that I need a pseudonym? From now on, my name is Hsiao-tsing If Hsiao-tsing were reincarnated she would now be a babe in arms She's not Hsiao-tsing! What are you spying on? Me? Nothing What are you spying on? I wanted to see what you were spying on Time to go! Do you think your fiance, Prince Ma... is as handsome as Elder? We were betrothed before birth How do I know what he looks like? Is that what people mean by fate? Who are you referring to? Oh, nobody It's just that I fell so fortunate Fortunate? You're frothing at the mouth! Evil spirits! Is this a foot print or a hand print? We'll know when we find the monster Right! It even harmed a man What a pity to leave it here Better show it to Elder OK! There really are ghosts in this place! What is that? A corpse! It's all that ghost's fault Don't hug it. Put it down How did this person die so pitifully? I'd say this an evil ghost The odor is very strong It's back! Is it looking for us? Use your "freeze" magic Right! I command you to freeze! Heebie-jeebie! Freeze! That'll stop him! How do you do it? When you see a ghost shout "freeze" Like this? Freeze! Is that right? Hey! Oh, no! How do you lift the spell? I have to think of a way to communicate with him What can I do? Let's try this... If I'm right move your eyes up and down That's right! Fantastic! If I'm wrong, move them from left to right Great! Will a hand gesture lift the spell? What? Not up and down or left to right Don't joke with me If we wait too long, that monster will get us Does lifting the spell have to do with an acupuncture point? Your eyes are moving faster than a revolving lantern! I understand! You're provoking me into hitting you OK. I'm going to hit you now Ready or not, here it comes! Let's get out of here! Come on! You're too heavy I can't carry you Drag it! Dragging you isn't fast enough either Better hide upstairs I told you not to fool around at a time like this That monster is so tall, it'll see us if he stands up straight How can I undo the spell? How do I lift the spell? It's safer inside Better hide yourself quick I told you to hide inside Why did you go down there, where it's so dangerous? Try the "freeze" curse! Freeze! Let's continue with out guessing game You're getting heavier and heavier Can't carry you much longer Since that monster isn't here... Let's try to lift the spell Does it have anything to do with this amulet? Yes?! What then? Point at me. Point at me and the curse will be lifted Point! How do I undo the spell? No good asking you! I must figure it out for myself Freeze! Don't move! Move! Move! Don't move! Why does he "unfreeze" so quickly but you haven't moved for so long? Do you mean... I pointed to this amulet... Then I asked you how to lift the spell... And he moved! Freeze! I'll take care of it Get out of here fast! Finally lifted the spell! Get out of here! Abracadabra! Open up a way out! Abracadabra! Open up a way out! Out of the way! I'll take care of it! Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! I order all ghosts to be expelled! Wow! It doesn't fear my incantations! Take this! It's still moving! I order all ghosts to be expelled! Hocus pocus! Even when it's chopped up he can still run away! It could still come back at any time Elder, get out of here I'll pursue it! Be careful! Earth, open up! Dawn is breaking Heebie-jeebie! Freeze! Freeze! Earth, open up! Want to leave! Wow! My magical powers are no good at all Earth, open up! A magician?! Take this! Hey! Stop! Stop! Are you stupid? I told you to stop! We don't even know each other Why are we fighting? I learned magic to deal with evil spirits If you don't stop, I'll use my magic to "freeze" you Why are you blocking my way? I was just taking a rest after battling some ghosts and you say I'm blocking your way When that monster makes a run for it tonight, you'll be in deep trouble Brother! Call me Master Master, your skill is extraordinary If you worked for the imperial court your future would be boundless You know that I'm a Taoist monk Seeking wealth and position is for the likes of you mere mortals I don't want to end up like you... Earth, open up! Well done, young man! Hu, our hourses' hoofs are rigid They won't move! It must be that monk's magic at work! He said there are evil spirits Be careful! Yes! Lord Fu! There's nothing I can do about squabbles in the imperial court It's hard to tell right from wrong I'm just following orders But don't worry I'll make sure your journey is safe After we get to the capital whatever the emperor does to you is not my responsibility Let's go! Where can I get something to eat? Please give me a bowl of your cheapest food What? The cheapest? Sit down! If you're starving don't waste your money Show me your face Go! Stand up Don't lower your head Go! Go! Don't run away! Don't move! Monks? Don't move! Stand still! Out of the way! Get out of the way! What kind of magic is this? It's Windy... Wait! Come back! Hey! The soldiers never come to Ten Mile Pavilion last night Rush back to Righteous Villa and lie in ambush for them Hey! Back to Righteous Villa? It's haunted! Come back! Elder! Elder! I wonder if Elder has already gone? Better search for him Yes! Do you think father's transport has already passed by here? No. They're not supposed to reach here until after dark Miss Windy, the villa has been ransacked I'm sure Elder did it to remove any traces of our presence Set everything up Prepare to attack Yes! Hurry up! Over there! Who is it? Who is it? I'm Ning Ning? Oh, it's Elder! This villa is haunted Haunted? Where is Miss Windy? Inside Ghosts? Real ghosts? Miss Windy! My clothes! Miss Windy! Miss Windy! Elder, they said you came Miss Moon! Who are you? Oh, it's Elder I recognize your back Elder... I... With your beard shaved off you're so, so... Yes When my sister sees you she'll be so happy for me Happy?! When you came in, did you see my sister? Your sister? No, No! Sister! Sister! Sister! What are you grinning about? It is improper to look Ms Moon There are some things you shouldn't look at You're all right! I didn't recognize Elder with his beard shaved off Really? I must see for myself Elder, if you have something to say, just say it It scares me when you hint at things I'm cold Your face is so hot how can you be cold? Wouldn't this be faster? Not fast enough Faster would be better Faster?! OK Elder... Elder... Elder said he was cold Cold? Elder, you're overly exerting yourself Have you seen Miss Windy? No, I'm looking for her, too Where did she go? There's noise coming from upstairs Let's go up for a look Don't go up there Strange! Nobody up here Maybe it's next door Let's go over and look What are you doing? Sister, Elder came back to find me... us Why are your clothes so disheveled? Don't be so impolite in the future Miss Windy, this villa is haunted Do we still have to pretend to be ghosts? No matter what, we must wait here for father We mustn't leave In this moment of danger we must thrust out our chests and be fearless We must be utterly devoted to our cause Elder, let's go in Elder! Thrust out our chests Your clothes are torn in the back How do you write the "freeze" incantation? I didn't spy on him I didn't even know he was outside Better tie your heart down Otherwise, it might fly away! If I could lie it down, I would! This is how you do it... Freeze! It works! This is the "freeze" incantation If you see that monster do this and he'll freeze in his tracks Like this? Don't do it haphazardly This spell is hard to reverse Give me your hand. Yes! Sister, what's that sound? It's coming form up there. Windy! Windy, give me your hand Elder, shouldn't you be calling me Hsiao-tsing? Whether I call you Hsiao-tsing or Windy there's no need to be bashful I'll never reveal what happened just now I was really anxious on your behalf Actually, I kissed you because I couldn't control myself Fortunately you made a quick get-away Otherwise, if Moon had seen you undressed and with me... it would be hard to explain even if I were Elder Chu Kot Give me your hand Moon?! Moon, what are you doing here? I was looking for you Don't bother explaining Moon! No! Windy! Give me your hand We're not fated for each other I'm betrothed to Lord Ma's son You're betrothed? We weren't meant for each other You should be looking for Moon, not me Windy, one at a time I'm after both of you Miss Moon, it's getting dark Give me your hand Go to my sister instead I'll go to her next Quick, give me your hand Elder, aren't you the playboy! You can only choose one of us I'm not going to compete with my sister No need to compete When I finish with you I'll go to her Elder, there is something I must tell you Actually, love is a strange thing My heart beats wildly when I look at you I don't even have the courage to glance at you I'm afraid that my heart would jump right out I'd be willing to die if that's what you wanted As long as I can be with you forever and ever part Help! What's that? Hurry up! That monster is back Elder, what happened? Go inside and search Yes! Inside there's a huge creature I don't know what it is Be calm! Use the "freeze" incantation Together: Freeze! Freeze! It really works! It sure does! We froze it in its tracks Everybody, jump up there! The archery machine! Be careful, Elder! Moon, go and rescue Elder I'll lure away that monster OK Put out the net Yes! Your hand... Let's retreat from here See what's going on up ahead Yes! Soldiers! Hu, they're set up an ambush Windy, Moon?! It's father! Lure the soldiers into villa Use the archery machine to mow them down! Yes! Trying to get away? The monster destroyed the archery machine! We're surrounded by our foes! Let me out! Right! Let Elder go! Elder, what should we do now? We'll stay on the sidelines When the enemy comes in, the monster will deal with them Obviously a fake ghost Unmask it Let's rescue father! Yes! You're hopelessly outnumbered I'll save you! Swords are too dangerous! Let's use our fists I told you that swords are too dangerous! Father Get out of here Don't worry about me! That giant corpse ran over here Don't worry about me! Rescue father! The monster is here! Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! Windy! Windy! Possessed by evil spirits?! Sister! What happened to Windy? She's been possessed by evil spirits What should we do? Still a lot of soldiers around Better get inside Don't move! Press down on her! Sister! Think of a way to save my sister She's possessed by the den She could turn into a giant monster at any moment It's your fault, you traitor! I'll kill you! Wait! His troops are still out there We must keep him as a hostage She's turning into a corpse monster! Sister! We must kill her immediately Otherwise she'll turn into a monster You can't kill her! Are you a good person or evil? You won't kill Hu, but you'll kill my sister Kill Hu! No matter how many you kill here you still won't save the kingdom The emperor is surrounded by sycophants and has no idea of the suffering of his people Take my head to the emperor Maybe it will move him He'll be convinced of our sincerity and loyalty Father, if you die we'll have no one to lead us Take my head instead No! Take our heads Bastards! What good is it to cut off your heads? Who are you, ordering people about?! I am the learned and brilliant Elder Chu Kot The learned and brilliant Elder Chu Kot! Please guide us None of you are permitted to die Please explain! Explain?! Your severed heads will mean nothing to the emperor You'll have died in vain Need I explain more? Stupid pigs! What about her? Windy! To exorcise her, she needs a dose of "yang" energy I am not powerful enough We better do something soon or it will be too late What can we do? Try this magic charm It may or may not work Try it Hurry up and pull Miss Windy down OK. I order the evil spirits to be exorcised How did this happen? Really ugly! I've forced the evil spirit from her If she gets a quick dose of "yang" energy, there will be a gleam of hope Hurry up Hurry! I'm a monk. I must not get too close to women Don't be afraid of her ugliness How do we give her "yang" energy? With your mouth, of course Mouth? What then. Your ears? Send me to her Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! Sister! A real man is afraid of nothing It's you! Lord, a golden-robed priest is on his way here A golden-robed priest? Lord! Put your swords down! Not enough! More! Lower your swords! Put all your swords down! There are evildoers behind every country's downfall Take my head and collect your reward The way that you look death calmly in the face proves that you are loyal to our country Even though our political views are different I'm still willing to help you The golden-robed Taoist outside is the High Priest The High Priest? All the rites and rituals in the palace... the emperor consults him for guidance If he speaks on your behalf justice will triumph Father! Lord Fu, if you trust me let me go to him I'll explain the true situation Father, he might betray you! He could have killed me had he wanted to Still not awake?! Enough! I'm going to puke Elder! Ning! I am here to pay my respects to the high priest Lord Fu is not a traitor He is a loyal subject, a patriot I hope that you will uphold justice There are many who cannot tell between good and evil They do not know the hardships of the imperial court The purpose of my journey is to pacify the people I'll intercede at court on behalf of these loyal subjects Amen! Amen! Thank you, High Priest! How are you, Autumn? Women are very tempting If I didn't exercise self-control... my energy would have been dissipated Hu is treacherous and disrupts the High Priest's harmony Please stay here The convict Lord Fu is here to see the High Priest I pay my respect to the High Priest Amen! Amen! You have a murderous air about you Put down your weapons I've been framed, but I am concerned about our nation You are so merciful Guide the emperor to save the nation Life is chaotic Mistakes can always be corrected In my former life I was evil so I must do good in this life Release my soul from purgatory Release my soul from purgatory Evil chanting?! Don't be tricked! Sit down! His mercy is false! Don't be tricked by his devilish voice! Abracadabra! Freeze! I order the evil spirits to be exorcised! I am the absolute Buddha What kind of evil spirit are you! Even before Buddha you refuse to reveal your true appearance! The spirit of evil?! I am what I look like! I don't believe you are Buddha! Let's go over and see if you're real or false Don't Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! Elder! The bastard Hu betrayed us I'll take care of things here Leave quickly! Abracadabra! Hocus pocus! The universe revolves May Buddha be in your heart I knew he was false, but couldn't conquer him I failed! I can't perform my magic with you here I'll open a tunnel in the earth for you Hurry! Autumn! Hurry up! I can't hold out Hurry! Abracadabra! Hurry! Autumn! Father! They've escaped for now but I'll get them in the end Guard the three we've captured! Yes! What about Lord Fu? They have admitted their errors They have departed People should acknowledge the immensity of the universe I just heard a fight going on Your ears aren't clean! Vacate your mind to attain perfect peace of mind I'm very cold Hsiao-tsing! Don't leave me! Hsiao-tsing! Don't be reincarnated so soon It's too hard to be mortal now You're so good to Hsiao-tsing I never realized how much you missed her! I never realized how much you missed her! Frost fills the sky over Ten Mile Lake Silken threads anxious of youth Looking at the moon and feeling lonely Envious of lovers, not of immortality Envious of lovers, not of immortality Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing, what are you doing here? Hide! You can't let the sun shine on you! If the sun shines on you your soul will be scattered You would never be reincarnated! Why don't you listen to me? Hsiao-tsing! Oh, it's you! I'm sorry Once again I've made a mistake I mistook you for she So there really is someone named Hsiao-tsing! Is she the one in the painting? Do you miss her very much? She's already dead and buried We'll never meet again If you want, you can call me Hsiao-tsing for now For now? I understand You're betrothed to another When I knew Hsiao-tsing she was also betrothed to somebody else It's beyond my control Hsiao-tsing said exactly the thing You are mortal; she's a ghost But you're both exactly the same Are we very much alike? Too much so You gave me false hope Anyway, false hope is better than none Excuse me! Here's your tea Your meal will be served presently Please make yourselves at home I've seen that man before He's... The tea is poisoned! This inn is run by thieves! Really! Is the water boiling? Yes The blade sharpened? Nice and sharp Everything's ready Put the man in the cauldron immediately Save the woman for tonight to warm our could beds Kill! Slice them up good! Right on! Stop! Watch where you're stabbing! They escaped through the window It's dangerous here This is no way to escape! Better jump into the tree and hide I still haven't recovered No energy to jump Don't worry about me. Run! No. I won't leave you This time there's no escape! I never thought we'd die here Elder, it's our fault for getting you involved I'm not Elder Chu Kot I'm just a poor scholar No matter who you are... I feel fortunate to die with the one I love We'll never be parted again We'll never be parted again Hold me! Let me be on the outside so that the wolf eats me first You're wonderful So are you If we could be like this forever it would be great Orchid Temple! Orchid Temple! What's the Orchid Temple? How could I have forgotten about Yin? Who is he? The bearded man in the Orchid Temple A wizard in the occult If we find him, we can deal with the High Priest Isn't the High Priest returning to the capital city? Why go to his palace? He needs a tranquil place to meditate Only holy people may enter this sacred place. Stay where you are This is the hour of the eclipse My body is changing against my wish Why are all the officials of the imperial court here? Lord Chiang! Lord Yang! Lord Lee! I was escorting Lord Fu back to the capital... But couldn't complete my mission Allow me to explain Lord Chiang! A hollow shell? Lord Yang is a hollow shell, too? What kind of a place is this? Are you demons? What did you do with the flesh and blood of these officials? You demons, come out and face me! Why did you do this to the imperial officials? What evil intentions do you harbor? Are they all hollow shells?! I'm going to destroy all of you evil monks Strange, where have they hidden? Autumn? Moon? Lord Fu? Lord Fu! What happened? Where are the others? I was wrong to believe you! You've caused so much harm! What other plots do you have up your sleeve? We were tricked The High Priest is a demon! He turned many officials into walking corpses We must report this to the emperor Otherwise, the kingdom will be beyond redemption Oh, he's the one who instigated this calamity! No wonder the court is in upheaval We must hurry to rescue the others We can talk later Moon! Dad! Autumn! There are demons in the court so I must get involved in affairs of state Everyone must do his bit Hurry! There's danger everywhere Let's get past this hurdle first These demonic monks have great magical powers Once he's awake we won't be able to escape, so hurry! Autumn, get out of here! Don't fight anymore! This is a scene of desolation Lord, ride my horse More chanting! Father! I'll use my powers to help you concentrate Come back, Hu. You'll never beat him Put down your butchers' knives Bow before Buddha! Hu, don't sacrifice yourself in vain! I mistakenly trusted these demons and slaughtered righteous officials To atone for my sins I'll fight him to the death Don't! I'm headed for hell anyway Hu! Yin, why does the wind suddenly blow so violently? It's hard to tell which direction is which Yin, what should we do? Evil spirits pervade this road Our lives hang by a slender thread We mustn't stop. Follow me! Oh, boundless heaven and earth Help me! Recite the scriptures with me! Prajna paramita... The Diamond Sutra incantation? Prajna paramita... Ignoramus, behaving so boorishly in front of me! Prajna paramite... Ning, Windy. Get out of the way! Oh, boundless heaven and earth Help me! Buddha is present! If you dare to impersonate Buddha What would you not dare to do? You think you can hoodwink the people forever? I'm going to let everyone know what you really are! The masses love to worship their idols Why set yourself against the people? It's their ignorance that has allowed you to succeed I'll never let them worship demons like you You'll never deceive the people again! If you refuse to follow my shining beacon... you will be destroyed! What crap! Look out! Justice for all! Swords are part of the infinite! We've only destroyed the false outer body He can come back and attack us at any time We must use our swords to fight back! Let me introduce myself I'm from the Kunlun sect... At a time like this, let's not separate into sects We're all fighting the same enemy Destroy this demon! Chant with me! Prajna paramita... Prajna paramita... The old demon has stolen into the earth and broken through our ring of swords What should we do? Watch! What kind of demon? Come with me! Hold on to me as I fly Ning! You pulled my sleeve off What are you coming back for? What happened? Gone? Keep quiet! Be careful The demon has changed its appearance It's huge! Be careful! Moon, look after your father I'll help Yin Autumn, be careful! The demon's actually a giant centipede! That worm can never be a dragon Elder! Elder! I've never had to deal with such a giant creature What should we do now? Pierce the crown of its head Ning! Ning! Windy! The flying sword! Prajna paramite! Exorcise the demons! Oh, boundless heaven and earth Help me! Elder! Autumn! Two heads are better than one Abracadabra. Hocus pocus Hocus pocus I've been in the Orchid Temple for so long... I didn't know the world was so full of devils and demons It's hard to separate the living from the deed The world is in chaos It's a good thing you hid in the Orchid Temple Otherwise I might never have found you We share the same ideals... We should roam this world together and fight for justice We should work together What are you saying? I've always led a solitary existence Last time, I almost died trying to help you save Hsiao-tsing This time, I've helped you battle the demons... and almost lost my life It's better if we go our own ways When you need my help I'll return and save you Be careful, Autumn! The demon still isn't dead Autumn! I really need your help this time or I'm finished We must be jinxed! I'll take care of things! Quickly, craw! No good Autumn! Autumn! That centipede flew over! What about Autumn and Yin? We're locked in. We must think of a way to escape You're right! I've really cursed you here Our bodies are restrained. We can be saved only if our souls can escape Souls? Will we have enough energy to later let the souls back in? This is the only way! Chant along with me The spirit of Buddha conquers all! The spirit of Buddha conquers all! Goodness is indestructible Goodness is indestructible Prajna paramite. Abracadabra! Abracadatra! Hocus pocus! Oh, boundless heaven and earth Help me! Autumn! Yin! Yin! Soul, return! Soul, return! My soul can't return to my body! Autumn, catch the soul! Autumn! His power isn't strong enough I'll help him Prajna paramite... I can't catch it Moon! Autumn! Too late! Autumn! What's all the hubbub outside? What hubbub? I don't hear anything! Who's getting married? Such a large golden pig! It's a gift to Lord Fu from the emperor Since he exposed the traitors in the imperial court he performed a great service for the emperor It's a wedding gift for Lord Fu's daughter Moon! Moon! Ning! Is Windy getting... Sister is already married Don't cause her any trouble I'm about to start on a journey Give her my best wishes for a happy marriage I will. Take care of yourself Adieu! It's hard to differentiate between true and false hopes Now I understand why you stay away from our mortal world Mortals are forgetful Good deeds fade like the wind No matter what you've done it's soon forgotten Is forgetting good or bad? Should we have hopes? Windy?! You said you'd cherish no hope! Sister, don't hesitate! Go to him! Windy?! Ning! Let's go, hurry! You go back Farewell! Take care! Let's go!