Watch out for the devil! Yin! Yin! Prajna paramita! She is here! I'll take care of her, come on Watch out! I saw it This Tree Devil is very powerful Now its energy is gone! Let me freeze it with the power from my palm But it will resurrect in a hundred year's time Hocus pocus! Prajna paramita! Master, we've finally found Kwan Bo County... It's just over... There? Over there? Look at your map Hey... it's flown away Where's it gone? We'll get to Kwan Bo County if we head west Master, there's rain clouds coming Let's find shelter Alright Let's go... There's a place to hide Buddha, please make the rain go so we can get on our way Master, I'm not thirsty you drink it It's bad luck! Go! Gentlemen! I didn't even recognize the skull Give me my money back! He's a master swordsman! The man with the money should go on ahead! Run, run! It's a tragedy, tragedy! Master, there's a killer outside, he's... Here? Thank god I got my money back! I've been saving if those thieves took it... It's a bit cold, isn't it? Money is illusion why kill for it? Be merciful, or you will pay for your deeds Merciful? You don't have to make a living I worked hard for this money! You want to fight? Master! It's only a hoe Fong, dust to dust ashes to ashes... Go and bury the bodies This guy's really shifty, the gold... Stop talking and start working I'm soaked! Don't mind if I light a fire? Master, the bodies are in pieces Do I bury hands with hands and legs with legs? No, be sure to bury whole corpses I'm not sure that's possible Alcohol keeps out the cold Want some? Let's all get warmer You stupid fool! Fire! Fire Master, is this how you punish him? Rubbish, I'm not an arsonist! I'm sorry, we all make mistakes I've made you lose your shelter The market is just ahead! We're all wanderers We don't bear grudges See you later I've put the bodies back together again But there's one finger left With my expertise I don't bother with fingers Maybe someone else did it Are there other chopped up bodies? This is common fighting ground may die... Enjoy putting them back together Oh! It's getting dark Ghost Festival sword and weapons for sale Help! Murder! You hit me! Stay there! This sword is the latest style! Do you think I'm buying jewelry? Who hit me? Show yourself and fight! Who hit someone? What's happening? Make way! Police passing through, make way! Police passing, make way! What's going on here? I don't know Forget it then Hey, stop staring at me! It's nothing, nothing's wrong! Come look at our swords, sir It's Ghost Festival! The human race has stooped to new lows How can we Buddhists redeem their souls? I really don't know With my wisdom, I can save them But my body's feeling very weak Let's find an inn get some food and sleep Buddha meditated facing a wall for 3 years and you complain after no food for one day For penance, chant 5,000 times to purity the mind Right! Look, food, let's eat then purity my mind His braings in his stomach! That cretin I'll kill him for 15 dollars It was only 10 dollars last time, why more? Because I'm a better swordsman now So you say, but how good? Beef brisket and noodles! Hey, I never ordered that Are you saying I made a mistake? Orders returned are charged double! What do you want? I told you I didn't order it! More of them than us okay, take it away It's just a misunderstanding As I improve my price will rise again If you don't like it find someone else For that price I need some sort of sample You want me to show off? No problem! You want to see sample? Sir, spare us some food? I bet you my head No, get lost! Fong My sword's a bit long, I'm sorry! We shouldn't stay here, let's go! Every time I see you there's trouble Brother and more trouble now with that lump of gold! Master, there's shelter ahead It's a Temple Orchid Temple The entrance is over there They've gone inside But Orchid Temple's haunted wait till dawn Yes, let's wait! Dawn? What if someone else gets it? Hey, you lead! Me? A ghost got my fool, run! Run! It's a bit draughty in here, Master Don't be afraid, let me tell you Orchid Temple is haunted What? Haunted... Master, Master! Fong, stop stepping on my heels I just want you to know I'm behind you If you're so scared sleep outside the door It's pouring outside Master, if it's really haunted... I don't mind if we carry on walking Fong, we have Gold Buddha to protect us No one will dare come in So we won't have to worry about it being stolen We'll just stay overnight Shall we satisfy the God of Hunger? You beg the ghosts to spare you some food Funny, I've forgotten what I've just said! Who said a ghost got his foot? Was it you? No Was it you? No He did! If it got you, how come you could run so fast? There's a woman singing, up there Sister, it's raining so hard outside I wonder how long before they come inside We're here! So many men! Women! They're beautiful! Smells so good Don't go, so beautiful! Come on There are more! They're so ugly! The one in the middle's the prettiest She's so old! The one next to her's beautiful Priestress, there are so many I'll help Lotus Alright, that way I won't have to wait so long These men're already trapped who needs your help? I thought you'd be quicker it took you ages They're already ours so what's the rush? Take your clothes off she's coming I'm taking the prettiest one Hands off! Your skins so soft Give me a kiss! Go to hell There're all kinds of games want to try? Something in the water bit me. What is it? What is it? Let's go! What's happening? Let's go, they're demons What's that sound, Master? The ghosts are out What shall I do? Master Watch the Gold Buddha and stay I'm going to catch the demons! Don't come near me I have a Gold Buddha You're powerful you hide even from me! Show your true selves! Stars scatter! Still able to hide it's powerful! Priestess, what about that monk? Don't worry! He maybe powerful but he's no match for me We'll play with them awhile You seduce the little monk Priestess, let me go I can handle him You're not experienced enough when it comes to men Priestess, I know exactly what you mean You don't want her wasting your time Let me bring him back to you quickly Sorry I forgot your cover was damaged You got all wet I'll say some prayers as penance later I know you have great powers If we really meet a... ghost Please help me destroy whatever it is Buddha! Oh no! Help, there's a ghost! A ghost chasing her? That means she's not a ghost Help! Ghost! Lady! Lady! There's a ghost! Ghosts! I'm so afraid! I'm so scared, please help me! I can see flesh! Where is the ghost? Let me hide behind you! Look there's something moving over there Hold me tight! Your leg Feel my heart it's beating so rapidly! Come on! I break my vows if I'm near a woman! Let's pray together it'll keep the ghosts away Don't pray now let's do something else! Let me go, or I'll break my vows! Did you know, you're my first man? Let me help you undress What? Undress? Hey wait, my shoe! If Master sees me like this He'll never believe I was saving your life! No! I must pray Where're my prayer books? Where're my prayer books? Fire! Come and save me! How did it catch fire? My clothes are on fire! Take your clothes off! Fire, help! Stop undressing They're not burning now! I must, I'm afraid of fire! But I'll see everything Lady Hey, monk... has the fire gone out? It was so dangerous! My clothes are all burnt, what to do? Cover yourself with my robe You're so kind! Put it on quickly, I won't watch I tripped on your clothes Stop or I won't be able to control myself! I'm a bad girl Are you as bad as me? I thought you were being chased by a ghost? Ghost? Here's your ghost! Come and get me This is fun! But it didn't last long! Lucky I prayed in time Or I would've done that "stuff" with you Hey, monk... What would you have done? Tell me I said means I want... I want means I desire... I desire means I'll do... If I do, I'll never stay a monk! No, I must pray Stop praying, help me up Quick! I'll help you up But you promise not to come too close Damn I saw it! Aren't you interested in me at all? Interested? In what way? All men are interested in this! Don't take off my pants It's strange! Your head aches when I pray You weren't being chased by a ghost! You are a ghost! I'm going to get you! It's really haunted I'm scared! I better run! Come over here! Reveal your true form! You're mine Reveal yourself! Stupid monk, why've you stopped praying? Go, if Master returns you'll never escape! Why are you letting me go? I'm giving you a chance to reform So you can reincarnate as a good person I'm evil! I'll never change Hey, my robe! If you want it, get it yourself! It serves you right! Help me, quick help me! Go on, scram! Waiting for me to hit you? Hey, my robe! Still playing games with me! Master! You appeared so suddenly! Fong, what're you doing here half naked? It's too hot I came outside to cool down Hot? Where's the Gold Buddha? It's inside, it's just fine! Well, did you see anything untoward? No way, not with the Gold Buddha here No ghost would dare come near Even if it did it wouldn't get away! And did you find anything? That demon is quite something Anyway we're staying only one night and leaving tomorrow with the Gold Buddha So we'd better get some rest Or we'll be tired tomorrow Okay... I'll capture them sooner or later Your senses are impure that's why you're hot Take the Gold Buddha out and pray Take the Gold Buddha out? Pray all night in front of it On my own? Why, you want me to keep you company? No, no! Okay, let's go inside! Will you stop that If Master sees it, I've had it! Fong Good morning Master Bring the Buddha, we're leaving Okay Darn, he'll find out sooner or later Please help me find the Gold Buddha! What did you say? Nothing, just saying my prayers Fong I'm glad the Buddha's safe Or there's no point in going to lmperial Temple That's right! Master, if we leave like this now It's not quite right Since you know Orchid Temple is haunted Shouldn't we stay and get rid of the demons? I remember a certain old monk Sort of say in some manuscript "If no one goes to hell and we don't go to hell Who will go to hell?" You're a monk and you don't know which manuscript! I've always had a bad memory But leaving like this is irresponsible You're right! I'll stay and catch the demons You take the Buddha to lmperial Temple Right, I'll go Fong, are you alright? Yes after praying all night my mind is pure But my stomach is even purer and now in the sun, I feel faint Are you saying that... You're sick? I'll be fine Master I'll overcome it I'll make it I'm getting there it's getting better... No it's not working... I'm going to faint I think you're hungry I'll beg for food My student does not behave like a monk Buddha be merciful! Gold Buddha I'd better find you today! Haven't slept all night I feel faint I'll find the Buddha and get Master to leave Or when he's out she'll come for me again and it'll be another sleepless night! Snake! What now? Oh no! I only have a day left Buddha, have mercy, help Fong Buddha! Look this blade cuts heads off like slicing melons Really? Let's try it on your head Please be merciful put down your knives Get lost Give me something Shove off! You monks always lecturing people You're ruining our business Get lost! Give me the money you owe me I don't have any money Give my money back! No money? What's all that on the ground? That's my money! It's mine now Since when did I owe you money? When you asked me to do the job What job? I don't know you Exactly, he doesn't know you! The money's mine I don't know him Go to hell Sir, how do you know the money's yours? He's right, prove it's yours and you can have it! Right, you said it you better mean it Abracadabra... Rise... Money, money, are you mine? Ah! It's black magic! Let's go! You also follow Buddha you should do good Not concern yourself with money How else would you get any alms? I wouldn't accept that sort of money No? Then leave At least I earn my money You wander around begging for food You're just a beggar in disguise! Money is only illusion You can't get what's not yours Monk, is this your doing? Mercy, Buddha is merciful You're a fake, monk! Admit your pranks! There must be a way to break his spell! Hey, don't go! Don't go! My money! Another fruitless job Damn monk! It's getting dark! What shall I tell Master? I'll say the snakes took it How could the snakes take it? Right, I'll say the ghosts took it The Gold Buddha repels ghosts impossible! I'll tell him the truth That'll be Master I didn't mean it Master I just dropped it! Master, actually... It's you? It's you again? What are you doing here? If you don't go how'll I make a living? Darn! Let me rest for one night okay? The way you live don't you feel like a whore? Perhaps if you were human making a living But you're a ghost why a slut too? Am I a slut? Anyone who strips a guy's pants off is a slut! What are you looking for? The Gold Buddha... I don't know where it... The Gold Buddha? Why're you getting so close? I had enough fun last night! It's only down there Don't come so close to me! You think I don't want to? I can't leave till the Gold Buddha's found I'll help you The Gold Buddha's very powerful Aren't you afraid? There's no other way If you don't leave I'll have to move! That's a point! Let's go together! Last night you surprised me and I fell I dropped the Gold Buddha somewhere here Don't step on my clothes If they fall off you'll say I was stripping Where is it? Snakes! I forgot to say there're snakes here Where? Over there! Where? Stop it, my head aches! I'm only praying very softly Go upstairs you're getting in the way With you here I'll never find it! Go on! You're right Mind the snakes Snakes! Lots of snakes! The Gold Buddha! I found it! Where is it? Over there, help me There're many snakes I didn't tell you to kill them How did this happen? What will I say? How can I put it back together? I've been bitten by a snake It hurts! Help! I don't want to kill you, go! Are you alright? I've been poisoned What shall we do? Suck the venom out with your mouth Please, quick I can feel the venom... I feel faint Is that alright? That's fine, thank you It's okay, anyway your wound isn't real Then why did you swallow the blood? To keep you happy The wound isn't real but the venom is! You're right, that means... I'll help you suck it out No, that means mouth to mouth You'll die once the venom takes effect Pretend I'm not a woman Then who are you? Pretend I'm your Master He would never do this Pretend I'm your mother I've never met my mother Try someone I've seen How about him? Him? Okay Whatever What are you doing? Sucking the venom What did you stick in my stomach? My tongue Why stick your tongue in my stomach? To suck out the venom! There's still some left in you Really? Is your heart beating rapidly? Yes! Does your whole body feel hot? Yes Do you feel sweaty your head ache? Yes That's the effect of the venom We have to carry on I'd rather die Don't die here Or you'll become one of us Okay, come on Hang on Are you ready? Yes... why didn't you stick your tongue inside? No! There's no venom I was lying How dare you deceive an honest man It's because of you I dropped the Buddha Look how I treat you Is this my thanks? I'm a monk! I have rules to follow You keep seducing me You're trouble! Really? From what you say isn't it a bore being a monk? You can't do what every man wants to do Don't you feel deprived being a monk? Deprived? I never had anything to lose The priority is to fix the Buddha... So when Master comes back we can leave Don't set your clothes on fire again! Why're you a monk if it's such hard work? The first person I set eyes on was Master My first clothes were monk's robes... What else can I be except a monk... Do I have a choice? You're grown up now you can choose I've been with Master for years He's family... Why'd my parents leave me in a monastery I'd like to know what my parents look like... So that if I ever met them... I could avoid them Don't fall off! Don't fall off! Your life is better than mine was... At least you have a Master! Were you an orphan too? No... I was sold as soon as I was born Whoever bought me became my parents Finally a rich man took me as his 2nd wife I was murdered by his mistress and buried here That's the first time I've told this story I way lying I'm glad it's a lie If it were true it would be tragic So in comparison you're free now Not being sold again and again... Pity you're a ghost we could've been friends Aren't we friends now? Little monk could you get close to anyone else? I don't know Do you think I'm beautiful? I don't know Oh no, Master's returned, run away! Fong, what are you doing? Master, I'm just repairing the stairs... Wait outside, it's almost done The feeling of evil is stronger today Master, you can't go inside Why? There are snakes inside Snakes? My powers protect and make me immune to venom... Snakes don't come near me She must be gone by now! The demons are close by Fong Why're you holding a comb? I bought it to... comb my eyebrows It looks great... You want to try it? Shave your eyebrows and you won't need a comb Where's the Gold Buddha? It's over there Master, see it? Fong, close all the windows Why close them? To stop the demons entering Very clever, Master! Thank God, Master didn't run into her! Fong, bring me the gold paint Okay Oh, it was on the table Your gold paint Oh no, it's finished, Master I haven't written on all the windows yet... Bring out all our holy objects Seal all the entrances Oh no! Fong, what is it? Did you see something? It's just that I haven't eaten all day... I'm feeling a big faint... Master, let me help you I found you some food get it from my bag The ghosts will come from this direction... But we've run out of holy objects There's a gap over there... Why don't you hang it up there? This is where the evil's the strongest I'll repel it Master, some ghost took your beads! Strange, how could a ghost take my beads? I'll get rid of all of them! Help! Fong is in trouble! Little monk! You shameless demon! Help! Help Help me! Master! Help! Master! Mercy shrouds the world! Help me! The stars will scatter! Fong, listen to me... Go back and bring me my holy objects Right! Mercy is boundless! Help! I'm up here! I warned you not to play with that staff Help! Are you alright? Get it away from me! How come you are... so cold? Ghosts get cold before they fade away! Leave me alone, I have to rest... Otherwise I won't survive as a ghost Right, I'll go and save Master then It doesn't look like you can move Have you recovered? I must go and save Master Hush! It feels cold! What's happening? One of my sisters is here Good. I'll ask her to help you! No, we hate each other If you bring her here we'll both be in trouble So what can we do? I can smell a human Let's have a look Don't worry, I have the staff There's no time Oh, it's you! Are you surprised? Fooling around behind the Priestess's back? How dare you disobey her orders? Why do you look so ill? Maybe you're the one fooling around! Are you bitching because you feel guilty? I helped the Priestess fight the two monks... and I got wounded... Come over and help me... Why should I help you? Just because you're her pet You put on these airs... I'm sorry, I have no time What was that? Someone's hiding behind me Who? The little monk Really? Trying to trick me into helping you? No chance! I'd never help you! Why don't you stay and wait for the Priestess You're so cunning... Trying to delay me from helping the Priestess... I won't tall for your tricks... Let's go That was a bit bluff... If she'd believed you I'd be dead But if we didn't hate each other... You wouldn't have had to hide So you change your story as it pleases you? Fong! I can't take you further I must save Master... You be on your way Fong What? I was called Lotus when I was alive Why're you telling me? I won't be visiting you... and you won't be visiting me... Man and ghost can't be together... and even if you were human it'd be hopeless Because monks and women can't be together Remember, be more careful in future If you meet any other monks they won't give you a chance Take care of yourself! Damn monk, think you're the most powerful?! Tree Devil, you kill innocents and insult God... I'm going to capture you That will be your punishment Punishment? You mean I will reap what I sow? Exactly! Those are the karmic rules Don't you know wicked people are buried with honour Their deeds enshrined in books and songs! But when dead they suffer in hell Hell is only as dark as the human world Only the powerful and ruthless thrive There's still time to change your ways, bald monk! I've been to hell so I know Maybe you should go and see for yourself! Master! Your staff! But I used it to pin down the other ghost! The dark deep underworld arise! There is no justice! Master! Evil will win, and never fatter! Fong, give me the Gold Buddha! Right! I forgot to tell you it's broken! Now you tell me! Master! Fong, ride my staff with the Buddha Get it fixed then come and save me Master! Master! Fong! Who is it? Show yourself! Leave quickly the Priestess will be back soon! Is it Lotus? Follow my cloak! You can't fight the Priestess Don't look back just move forward Remember not to look back Never come back! Never come back! It's getting light Come and look, brand new weapons Come and look You're from Shaolin Temple? Special price! I have no money Who shall I ask? We use real iron I'll think about it For every $10 spent a free horseshoe! I'll give you two I'm only here to beg for food Beg for food? Get lost! The world's corrupt it's hard to find honesty Let me help you! Little monk, this place is bad go elsewhere Brother, you're a blacksmith aren't you? Not much longer A decent man can't survive here Will you do business with me? I don't sell weapons I don't want weapons I need repairs Have a look You crazy? If it's seen, you'll be dead Put it away! Please help me, it's an emergency! Is this Buddha yours or did you steal it? Do I look like a thief? Alright then, I'll do a good deed You are so kind Thank you I thought you were going to fix the Gold Buddha? What Gold Buddha? I didn't see any What Gold Buddha? You just threw it in there! Leave me alone I don't want your business, scram! Give it back... I need it to save someone Give my Gold Buddha back! Help! Give it back, or I'll kill you! I'm being beaten up by a monk! I don't want trouble but he stole my Gold Buddha Gold? Not gold, just my Buddha Search him, maybe he's carrying more gold I'm not, I'm not... Get him! Get him! What the hell? It's the little monk! It's you? They stole something from me Let's go! Do you want me to help you? Yes Your Master owes me $10... With this, it's a total of $15 They... they stole my Gold Buddha Gold? Hang on... Makes it more pricey an extra 300 Plus a bowl of noodles that's $320 But I have no money! Goodbye! But my Master has some That makes it okay! I won't cheat you, let's go Quickly! Calm down! It's them! Brothers... They're here ...that Gold Buddha is mine... It should be returned to it's rightful owner Who says? Finders keepers just because you've got a big sword There are more of us! Attack! Let's melt it, goodbye Gold Buddha! The Gold Buddha! Oh no, it's melted! You're amazing? What's amazing? Isn't it hot? I wonder if it still has any powers? Master is in real trouble now Don't be negative there's always a way Little monk... Let's go and get money from your Master But I haven't worked out how to save him That's easy Hire me to help you save him I'll give you a special discount, 2 times $300 What do you think? Forget it, no deal Get out of my way! I'll kill you! Don't you want to save your Master? Of course I do Then you have to pay me But I have no money Will you do it on credit? Sure! It's a big deal Wonton noodles! Hey, you look like you're starving Have some noodles! I told you I have no money It's okay, I'll keep a tab You'll have to pay up when it reaches $1,000 Don't worry As long as I'm around it'll be fine Hey, I don't even know your name My name's Yin That's quite a name It was someone else's name a high Priest I begged him to take me in as his student But he said he didn't like people and refused to teach me! You see, he's really stubborn! Maybe if you ask again he'll change his mind He's dead now! He was antisocial so had no friends Not even money to buy a coffin! I've learnt my lesson money before everything! Why's that? With money you can be whatever you want! What do you want to be? A rich Yin! And what do you want to be? A good man! A good man? Like my namesake? Living a lonely life You think good reaps good? All good men end like that! Help! A ghost! Someone's in trouble! Don't worry, it's her! Help, help! Open the door! There's a ghost after me! Hey, it's me, hey... Ghost... help me Hey, she's on our side... it's me... I've been waiting for you it's Fong... You can stop all the dancing around... Hey, stop it, stop it Stop it?! Who are you? I'm so scared! Come over here I don't get it Explain what you're doing I can't, it's all a mistake Something over there's moving! Yes... I know a ghost's after you Then you must protect me! I know you need protection But we're not suited to each other Why? I mean... I don't mean you're not pretty... To be honest... Please don't get angry, but I... I don't go for your type that's all I prefer a longer face slight buck teeth Maybe that much taller than me If you know her go and ask her to come here Be careful not to burn your clothes You're so bad You want a manage a trios? What's that? You studious types are so naughty Hey, come over here! Lady, just hang on a moment Wait here, I'm just going over for a chat What's the matter? She's not right for you but she is for me... I don't want your money I'll have her instead No way! What, you've undressed her? No need to undress let's do it like this! Give that to me! No, the clothes are stuck to my hands! I said no, I don't know her! Come on! Another piece of clothing? You don't know her but you remove her underwear?! Put it on, put it on! I don't care, I want her! I'm paying you instead I don't want money! I don't want money, I want her! No! Hey, what're you doing? Hey, now about if I pay you? Look, I'm giving you a good deal! Just stop it, it's been decided I'm sorry Miss! It's the first time I've played this game! I'm sorry to bother you... Remember, long face slight buck teeth when she smiles... About 6 inches taller than me, thanks! What a waste you didn't even ask her name How can we find her again? We're here to save my Master Not do that sort of thing If you want it so much come back another time Don't worry, I will! Help! Help! I'll go! I'm going! Help! It's you! Why are you back here? I'm so glad it's finally your turn! These ghosts are beauties... ...she's even better I almost mistook the last girl for you! Who was here? Your sister! Anymore sisters? We'll be discovered here let's go upstairs Right There's no one else! Going to keep here for yourself? Hey. What are you doing? What? What are you doing? Pretending to be intimate! Pretending to be intimate? He's Yin, I've employed him to help save Master She's Lotus Hey, what are you doing? Pretending to be intimate You don't have to as well stand aside and watch! I don't trust you Damn monk, if you can why can't I? Don't use business as an excuse for pleasure Do you think I want this? I'm a reluctant victim too We're not looking very convincing Let's get into bed! Into bed? Into bed? If you won't do it, I will! You won't go to be! I will! How come I can't? Come on It's better if you're on top Let's make it clear no more praying! I'll try my best, what next? Next we kiss! Undaunted by the misty fog Behind the mystery is a sweet surprise Dashing through the sun and moon Dancing to the beat of the gong Nothing can dempen my chivalry Stop the noise this a serious business Nothing can stop my will to strike again Do you know where Master is? The priestess's got him but I don't know where How can we get her to come here? There's a bell on my ankle She'll answer it if she hers it ring A bell? So why don't you ring it? Don't stop, or they might suspect us, carry on! Don't stick your tongue into my stomach! I won't, we'll just kiss! That's okay! I can't bear it I'm going for a walk! Hey, don't go! I can't be bothered to watch Yin, where are you going? For a walk! You can't go, stay here Go away What will I do if you go? I can't bear watching you two Young student! Let me come in She's so scared! What's that got to do with you? It's Butterfly! You wait here, I'll handle her Don't go, the two of us are rivals Even better, then there won't be any bickering You're really a pain in the neck Carry on like this and I won't pay you Don't mention money I haven't seen a cent yet Where's the money? Huh? Hush! Lotus, lend me some money so I can pay him Just so I can shut him up! I don't want money he wants me to take it I'm happy with alternatives You can talk, but touch her See, if you don't help me he won't help me So you've got to help me You two are trouble, I'm going Let me protect you Forget it! So you got thrown out too? No such luck Those two fought over me If not for the fact they've got more friends coming I would have left ages ago Don't stand here, go in and help Lady, we students love playing games Let's have some fun! Okay! I said you weren't my type Don't hang around Open up, open the door I have no time for you I don't believe I'm less attractive than Lotus! You can't force your way in! I want you to fancy me Seduce me, I'm easy to seduce! Can't we talk a bit first? I can't wait You have no hair! You're a monk! You're that old monk's student? Fong, come up! Demon, take my spell! Soldiers of wind and fire heed the spell is cast! Heaven and earth move lend me your powers! Wow! Follow her! Damn, she's got my sword You like playing games? I'll kill you Belittling me? Let's see who wins! Little monk, I've been waiting for you to save your Master I was wondering who you'd find to help you and you get a midget with a giant's sword You want to amuse me so I die happy? Old witch careful you'll die laughing Do something quickly! I haven't begun my chanting yet Don't scare me It's too late to look for a spell now! Shut up! Let's bet Yin, chop this side first Chop... They keep multiplying cast any old spell What spell? I can't even open my manuscript I'm going! Trying to escape? You coward! I'll help you get away Lotus! Come on! I almost missed you two Bastard, you ran away you've no loyalty I was sacrificing myself to distract her But she didn't fall for it what can I do? So that means I get sacrificed instead? Stop arguing Let's get out of Orchid Temple Let's hide I can't let the Priestess see me here We'll work together and distract him! Hey, catch! Going to fight me with your little games? My little games will kill you Is that all you're capable of? That wasn't for real but my next move is! Miraculous armour, go! You decide to change your clothes now? I'm off Trying to trick her again? Let's go! Priestess, you've been wounded! How could we let him get away! Did he think he could hurt me? You won't get me! Keep running away like that and even if you save me... I'll die of fright! This is strategy do you understand? At least you could have warned me I'm saving you and all you do is complain... You still owe me money where's the money? Lotus I mentioned borrowing some money, I... Not now, I've got to be careful when I get back Why don't you leave Orchid Temple with us? Your situation's dangerous; don't go back... Why not leave with us? You can be a ghost anywhere No, I'm used to this I suffered before I prefer living day by day Not like you not knowing what tomorrow will bring It doesn't matter not knowing Don't try and change my mind! Here I live well and dress well I'm not related to you What place do I have following you around? I can't talk anyone I have to go Forget about me She said we don't know where we're going She's right Let's take care of ourselves first That means we forget about her You said it Jade, is the Priestess back yet? The Priestess? No Then start combing my hair If she comes back say I never went out What's wrong? Nothing... I'll miss you In two days I'll marry the Mountain Devil Whatever happens you're always my sister I'll talk to the Priestess someone else can marry him Then we can stay together Lotus, I really love you I believed that when you went out you were a good girl Tell me where they are hiding? Priestess, forgive me I was wrong Forgive you? Tell me, how should I punish her? Jade, you tell me Why don't we, don't we... Marry her to the Mountain Devil Jade, you? Sold when you're alive and sold when you're dead That Demon has many concubines You'll suffer! You betrayed me! Cut off her hair What a waste of beautiful hair I've spent so much time combing it What a waste! Scissors! Jade, didn't you just call me your sister? You knew the Priestess was hiding here Why did you betray me? For her own good I'm going to scratch your face! Priestess, please forgive me! Please forgive Lotus! Jade... Sister... Don't worry, I'll marry in your place Crocodile tears But I won't let you get away Let who get away? Come here! You're sisters! You'll both marry the Mountain Devil Scratch her face! Priestess, don't... Won't you forgive me? You want me to really damage your face? I want her face scratched to hell Is this it? Yes! Come on! I'm one of you! Who are you? Lotus? Run away! Don't be afraid, Buddha'll protect us, good will win You better let her go! Hands off! Or I'll blow you up I'll come back and fight later Come back! I'm going to eat him first You can lick me but no kissing! Did I save the wrong girl? You'd better turn over a new leaf I will! I better take you back you can't be tamed! I'm back! I'm off! Sister, run! Jade! Jade! You witch, still dare to call my fighting 'games'? Next time I'll blow up your nest! Jade! We're far away from it now It doesn't matter how far we go Why? What are you two up to back there? My urn of ashes is in the hands of the Priestess Under the 1,000 year old tree at daybreak... My soul will have to return there I promise you I'll find your urn of ashes Don't depend on me to help Concentrate on flying! Be careful! What did you just say? You're going to back out now? I do one thing, something else happens, it never ends So what? I'll never be able to work out my payment! Add you stupidity plus my naivete and intelligence You should also add your greediness and heartlessness In the end you're just jealous of me! Jealous of you? You two are always in an hot embrace I never get a chance! I don't know what type of monk you are, but I'm also human I need love too! I'm only doing this to save someone Stop fighting! The Priestess isn't easy to handle I don't think I'll ever get away Fong, just pretend this never happened I'll go by myself! Stop putting it on I won't help you If you're going to help him, move! Even if he begs me I won't go But if you beg me I may consider it Well, take your time then Hey! Fong, what're you going to do? Get your urn of ashes then save Master That would be suicide! Give yourself a break It's none of your business! Look what you've done to me If not for you I wouldn't be in this mess I saved you, and you're blaming me? You can't fight me how can you help me? I'm not afraid I'm not afraid It's getting light I can't stop you No one'll help me I'll have to help myself Take care I knew I'd find you! So many urns! How to find hers? Let's look together I don't need your help I can't afford you The likely ones go on this side I wonder which one contains Lotus's ashes? None of your business! Smart ass! This might be Or, this could be too It's so big! Lotus wasn't so fat It goes on that side How am I going to carry all of these? Want me to get a horse and cart? Forget it, I can't afford it Just for you, I won't charge Abracadabra, show the way! Look and see if it's in that urn It really is Lotus! We found it! Put it away then! Tree Devil, how dare you belittle me! I'm going to burn you up Then let's see what you can do? The old monk! I've found your Master Bring him down please! Okay! How is he? I can't tell! His eyes are swollen Master! Move your Master I'm going to burn the tree It's raining let's get out of the rain If it doesn't stop raining, we'll run I'm angry we didn't burn that old witch! Master Are your alright, Master! Master, your eyes! Fong! You finally made it Fong, someone else is here who is it? It's me sir The nice young man you met at the market Good, you decided to change your ways, and join us Yes I'm not as greedy as you think We should be safe here There's an inn over there we can rest awhile Okay! Wait! Why? What's the matter, Master? They're here! Who is? Those filthy ones! What filthy ones? Fong! Lotus, it's Lotus! Lotus! I'll take care of her Don't Master she helped us She's on our side! Really? Lotus, I found your urn of ashes Hold on, there's another one Fong... Don't believe her she's a fake! Fong, don't believe her I'm the real one Which one's real? How do I know? Which is the real one, Master? How should I know? Fong, don't believe her, Fong... Reveal yourself! Stupid monk! It's the Tree Devil! Lotus Fong! Fong! How come we're still in Orchid Temple? We never managed to escape the Tree Devil's grasp! I know where Fong is You must go quickly Of course you know where he is! You lied to us from the beginning Now you're trying to trap us My soul's always been with my urn of ashes Like you, I was set up by the Priestess Rubbish, you expect me to believe you? I'm going to break your urn and disperse your spirit so you won't do more harm I never lied to you You think I let the Tree Devil take Fong on purpose? Yin, don't you believe me? Demon, I'm going to destroy you Master, let's get the old one and let this one go Go! Go on! Fong is in Orchid Temple go and save him Let's go You dropped your abacus Forget it, I'll never make money on this job Let's go and save Fong Right Master, the devil hurt by you... ...is now recovering. Fong! Fong, where is he? Over there! Can't you see he's hanging up there Little monk, I'm going to suck your energy Then I'll sell you to the Mountain Devil You'll never be able to reincarnate and you'll rot in hell! Butterfly... You can't even handle this monk you're useless Priestess, I can do it! I'll seduce him, just you watch! Lotus! How dare you come back! Priestess, I'll finish her off No, I came for forgiveness... I brought the other two back with me They're hiding behind the grass Damn her, she's sold us out You witch, how dare you betray us I should've destroyed your urn! The underworld is invincible! Abandon law and order! Heaven and earth move lend your powers! Stars scatter ...sword fly! Cover the skies! Oh my gold! I'll hold them back! The light of Buddha shines! Butterfly! Priestess, help me! You're wounded, you're useless now I need your energy You old Tree Devil you devour your own people! No matter how powerful you are Or that you're in human form you're still a demon Go to hell, take my spell Soldiers of wind and fire show your power Why did you betray my Master and Yin? How else could I distract the Priestess and save you? My manuscript! Stars scatter! Heaven and earth move lend your power The Mountain Devil... The Mountain Devil will come, run quickly You go first! Butterfly! Fong! Come on, Lotus Butterfly! You were right leave with the monk At least you won't end up like this I was wrong too! I shouldn't trust them! Otherwise, I won't be a wandering ghost! Quick, help me! Butterfly... Help me! Butterfly! Let's go Lotus! Come on! Come with your Master! We can't get away like this step on my cloak! Onto my cloak Master, wait for Lotus She's a demon don't be seduced by her Fong! Lotus, quickly, Lotus! Fong! Lotus! Fong! Fong! Lotus? Lotus Fong, I'm over here! Lotus, your urn of ashes! Old monk, your student is down here... Don't you go back to save him? Soldiers of fire and wind come, come, come Buddha be merciful Master! Come on up You kill the tree devil and I bring you all to hell Mountain devil is coming! Thank you for saving me sir I was only trying to save my student Master, Lotus is really... Forget it, there's one hour before daybreak Once it's light we'll be fine Come to hell with me, you can't escape! Master, we won't make it! Yin, let's break a path through it Right! Heaven and earth move Lend your powers The light of Buddha! We won't make it I'll use all my life force to fight it Come on! Fong, is it light yet? Not yet, Master He's made the skies dark we're in his clutches You take care of the monk I'll distract him You're no match for them I'll find a way Yin! Mountain Devil I've destroyed your bastard sister Are you afraid to show yourself? I'll destroy you! The spell exerts itself! Here I come! He's gone! What can you do? Master Fong. Your body'll hold the Gold Buddha's energy I'll send you above the clouds to absorb the sun's rays Master, you'll bleed to death! Concentrate! Master, Master Are you alright, Master! Let me go! You'll die if you go up there! If I don't, you'll all die Monk, if I don't come back Please bury my urn of ashes properly for me Lotus, we're all depending on you Lotus! Lotus We keep trying to be apart Yet we end up together! But where we're going is not for you I know why I've to go don't worry! What're you doing? I'm afraid I might let go of you Untie yourself! If I let go, you'll fall down! Take care of yourself first! My eyes! The sun! I'm out of breath! Wow! I fell so far and I'm not hurt! Lotus Hey, help me out! This is what I get for being kind! Lotus... Lotus! Lotus! Lotus! Lotus! It's a shame your spirit is dispersed Is this what one gets for being kind I hope good will come to you in the end Fong Lotus, Lotus I thought I'd never see you again! Take my urn of ashes with you and I'll leave here too Who are you talking to? All that is left is this red ribbon! You mean her spirit dispersed? Yes! I must go now hope we meet again We've got to go too bye for now Goodbye Let's go, Master Fong, why're you walking so fast? I can't find Lotus's urn of ashes! Really? Lotus, let's get to know each other better You reap what you sow stealing is wrong I put the ashes inside my gourd Fong! Fong! I'll find you wherever you're gone! Fong, where are you taking me? The demon said there's no heaven Is that true? Stop talking and do something Help me up! Sure!