Stop! Have mercy, sir! Take it back! How dare you steal from me? Damn you! Go away!/// Stop! Stop! ls it him? Doesn't look like him! Get going! Thank you! Don't go! lf you're not a fugitive, step aside! You're in my way, scram! Stop! Not him! Tell him to leave! Stop! Stop!/// Don't run! Over there! Stop! Stop! There's a fugitive there! Did you ask me to stop? Pilgrimage? How hilarious! You're carrying money Don't fish in troubled waters Don't say that l don't need this money You may need it sooner or later! Thank you! Want a room, Sir? Get the luggage for him There's a nice room Sorry, but l'm a collector from Tsi Pao Zai Collector? That's too rude! Why is it a different man each time? The ex-collector was killed on his way home Why don't you just do me a favor? Since you might get killed for the money Just don't collect You're kidding Can l see your books? lt's the new rule New rule? Show me! Sorry, no! What kind of record is that? lt's a mess/ How do you collect? l can't return without the money Help me out here Since l'm not in your books l don't owe you anything Don't deny it or l'll take you to court Where can l spend a night for free? Go to the Orchid Temple! Madam, l didn't lie to you Where's Orchid Temple, please? Orchid Temple?! 3-1/2 miles to the East You'll see a spooky temple! Thank you! Sorry! Excuse me! Madam, are you going to buy it or not? Well done! Master, you've good taste, make an offer! l don't even have money for travel expenses Good taste, but no means, what's the use? What are you doing? l'm taking your measurement for your coffin! Thank you! Remember there are wolves in the woods You may come upon them when it's dark Don't go/// The fire must not go out lf it does, l can't get out of the forest Anybody in? Have you finished? Hsia-hou, we're fought for 7 years and you're always lost But you're quite persevering You follow me wherever l go You've been in the Temple for a fortnight And you've improved your swordsmanship! But you've wasted your youth too You're ambitious, but not aggressive For the sake of the title you've become corrupt You're petulant but not focused enough Your blows are violent but ineffective You have to cool down lf you win, it's just luck l'm here to duel with you Not to listen to your sermon You/// Right, he's right You've already won You shouldn't have said that to disgrace him He's right too You shouldn't have followed him Lay down your swords Move him with sincerity The universe is limitless and love is eternal Love conquers the world Love is the most powerful weapon! You speak too much l'm not trying to follow you Your clothing is torn To hell with your love! The kind of love you need you should find in a whorehouse l'm trying to find shelter lt's not convenient! Why not? Are you a brave man? Yes! Look over there! When l shout Hide behind me lf there's a real tiger Where should you hide? What? There's really a tiger? No! But we've something scarier then a tiger Do you always keep so close while talking? l have bad breath, and this will keep you away Get out of here! Your compassion can't save you l know/ l'm off! Me too! Hsia-hou, you were ambitious but after death you're still a nobody l won't leave your body in the open You never change, you fight even when dead Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi! That monster's out again! Shit! ls he still here? l meant no harm l'll fling it away if you're afraid What is it? Where's my veil? Veil? l'll find it for you! Water's deep! Come up quick! Come up! Thank you! lt's too dark, l can't see l'll look for it early tomorrow This water is both deep and cold! Your hands are colder than mine Because you're warmer You're sick you look so pale Go see a doctor l need your warmth l shouldn't have pushed you Otherwise, l would have spurted all over you lt hurts! l shouldn't have pushed you lt's cold! l'm wet, you'll feel colder lying on me Do you feel pain or cold? Carry me inside! Carry you?! l can't, you're too heavy l need some help/// You look nice, but you're in the wrong place Or else, you wouldn't die in vain Why am l still in water? Miss, you forgot your lute! Why are you following me? Why are you leaving? A villain! l must run for my life! Who? l can't see it Don't be afraid! Let me get rid of it l'll stomp you to death Still here? Snake! Where's the snake? Don't shout! The villain just passed by Which one? The bearded one from Orchid Temple lf he discovers us, we'll be killed! The one living opposite me? l can tell he's no good lt's too dangerous/ l'll take you back No, you can't! My family won't allow this They're very strict l see, Miss Let me lure him away then Run when he tries to get hold of me! Don't let him see you Here's your lute, Miss! What's your name? Ning Tsai-shen! What's yours? Nieh Hsiao-tsing! Nieh Hsiao-tsing! Tomorrow night/// Tomorrow night l'll come to see you Stop running! lt's dangerous Stop! You can't get away! lf you can scream; l can scream too! Damn Taoist Both of us want shelter here Actually, all the men l killed deserve it Why have you been annoying me? l am not l'm hiding in this hellish place to stay away from the fighting in the world Our common aim is to rid the world of villains for the good of mankind We are fellowmen Fellowmen? Nonsense! You're hurting me too One day, you'll be in big trouble then l'll finish you off You're a good man/ Don't see me anymore Hsiao-tsing! Man of love Did you come upon anything last night? l've bumped into everything in the house Did you see anything eerie? lncluding you? ldiot! l'm serious/ Why are you joking? Who knows if you're serious or not? When do l joke? You're always joking Get out of this place/ lt's haunted Show me the ghost if you can! Stupid fool! lf you can see it then it can't be a ghost They won't show up in the day! Big beard, don't scare me! lf not in the day, then tell them to come tonight lt'll be too late if you see them Why don't you believe me? lf l see you at night l'll throw you out Come on, do that No, l'll kill you There's no better way to help him than to scare him Ghost? He must be kidding Where's my lower torso? Damn big beard! Where have you put it? lsn't it connected to your upper part? Don't talk nonsense! Take it! He's incoherent/ No point in helping him lt's illegible anyway l'll fill it in myself Have you really lived in Orchid Temple? lt clearly shows 70 taels Pay up! Take it! Thank you! lnn keeper! You scared me/ What do you want? l was scared too Excuse me, excuse me/// Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing! Can you hear me? Stop! Did you hear me, stop! Don't go! Who said that? Who did? Let me see who's a fugitive l told you to stop! That man of taste is here again Boss! Why are you here again? Boss, where's that painting ''The girl washing hair''? l'll get it for you at once Boss, what are you doing? Why is it missing? No one has ever asked for it Well, come again tomorrow l promise l'll find it for you Well, l'll come again tomorrow How could all 3 lanterns be out? See how l deal with you when the wolf comes Can't you see the Yellow River flows into the sea without returning? Can't you see the sadness of those with grey hair before the mirror? Don't face the moonlight without a drink Can't you see the Yellow River flows into the sea without returning? Can't you see the sadness of those with grey hair before the mirror? Don't face the moonlight without a drink Give and spend and God will send 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Know the scriptures, and you have the sword for 10 years This secret cannot be leaked lf you stay, then l'll go l can hardly breathe Why is there no wolf? The wolf's coming! Nieh Hsiao-tsing Hsiao-tsing/// Open the door, Hsiao-tsing! Why are you here? l came because l heard the lute Come in quick! You shouldn't come here l'm leaving tomorrow l must say goodbye! Tomorrow? Yes, but l'll try to come back to see you Don't! Someone's coming! Old Evil has a sharp nose Hide in the water she can't smell you ln the water again? Sister Tsing! l know the Old Evil's waiting impatiently As soon as l put on my make up Tramp! You're hiding a man! l am not! Don't deny it! Here's the proof! See for yourself Why have you written such stuff? You obviously do that to defy me l must punish you You bitch! Don't forget the ordeal you suffered! Do as l tell you or l'll destroy your ashes and you'll evaporate like thin air Tonight, you must/// get me a human to increase my vitality and prolong my life You'll be forgiven for this first offence Tsing, bring medicine for your sister Yes! You've been betrothed to Lord Black ln three days you'll be his wife He's a bit old But he's not good-natured When he flares up even we can't control him After you marry him, you'll never return Hsiao-tsing! Yes! Try it on/ Your bridal dress Come and have a look Seems there's some sort of smell The smell of a living man My dress is torn Why are you so careless? l must wash my hand! Tsing, let me help you Thank you! You're welcome Why are you doing that? An oversight Don't keep offending her l didn't mean to You haven't cleaned up yet You did it on purpose, l give up Take it off so l can mend it Tsing, what are you doing? l must take a bath before going out lf not l can't get you a living man Good girl Learn from her Old Evil, don't worry l won't let you down tonight Come! Hurry up! Why rush? After l get married this room will be yours Dress up! l won't look at you! Come! You/// Go! l've a lot to tell you! Go to the temple! l'll wait for you there! Yes! Ning! Why are you so speedy? lt's faster coming down! Are you OK? Do you like this picture? lt's yours The picture? Why are you here? My father commissioned it a year ago Just found it 2 days ago That's me! See the picture and you see me You sound like we'll never meet again Yes! l'll marry the old monster in 3 days Unwillingly, l know Go away if you want to Let me go/ lt's dawn lt's better, then we can go Let me go l won't if you don't go with me Release me! Hsiao-tsing! Don't dream on, you beggar You want my money l see so many of your kind l won't be tricked How dare you say this? lf you don't go, l'll get someone to catch you OK! l'll go! Take care! Mister! l can't find the picture! We'll change it to another l saw the girl Forget her/ She died a year ago! lt's pouring, go and find shelter! Don't curse her Keep to my side You are totally wet Don't be superstitious! Don't go away! Who's shouting? l'm not a fugitive! Grab the shouting one You won't get a reward Get him So cool The bearded man is a killer ls she dangerous? Help me on my feet Beware, don't let my new gown get wet You can't effort it l'm coming to save you My mom will punish me; l wet my clothes Leaving? Hsiao-tsing/// Hsiao-tsing///! So windy! Ning! What happened to your eyes? A fool punched me! Who? Kneel down! What are you doing? lt's pouring! lt's OK/ l'm always getting wet Let's go to the temple You are in danger That bearded guy is a killer Come in first l'm back to tell you to be careful lt's dripping/ Come Did you come to rescue me? l miss you! The seller said the girl died long time ago Don't mention this Don't forget, l'll get married in 2 days lt's also in the picture Give it back to me lt sounds beautiful Give it back! You know kung fu? Go! What upset you? Go away quick l didn't know it was so important to you Please don't be mad l didn't mean it like that/ To be honest l'm not a human being Don't say that lf you're not human, l'm not either l'll take responsibility for what we did Don't follow me! Go find the bearded guy He's a murderer l'll get killed You'll die! Hsiao-tsing/// Hsiao-tsing/// Don't follow me You can't go Where's Hsiao-tsing? Hsiao-tsing! l'm not coming for you Heaven and earth are limitless Ning! The bearded guy killed your sister Let's report him l can't go with you l don't care, l must get you out of here Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing's gone? Court! Someone is coming to pay you money Yes! Did you get the money? Not yet!/// Master, sit up properly Clean your teeth, Master Wash your face, Master Master! Disturbing me at this hour Beat him up! Double the strokes Stop, stop hitting! l'll forget everything Did you get the money? Yes, of course! Nonsense? Beat! l saw the murderer Liu Liu? Who's he? He's a fugitive But we got him 3 hours ago l'm a greedy man You're worse than me! Want to take my money? l'll beat you to death Beat! l really saw him Did you? Who's in the jail? Yes, it's Liu! Guilty! Beat! Master! l think you got the wrong man! We always get the wrong man! Really? Yes! Get Liu! Get Liu! Get Liu! lf he's really Liu Then we'll make a loss! Don't plead guilty/ Beat! Yes! Beat! Why are you still hitting? Stop it! Killer! Liu/// Liu? Not robbing/ l'm poor! Mr/ Chiu! Yin? Yin? l'm docking your pay You don't know Yin? He's so famous/// ln 26 Province He hates greedy Master l'm not involved Swordsman Yin, are you coming to get me? l don't care for politics l'm coming to see my brother Don't listen to him/ He's not my brother Hold it!/// Maybe it's wrong Your honour, Liu is here Master, Liu is in jail Take him away! No reward Go home! Go away! Yes! You must protect me He's a murderer/ Nonsense! This case is too complicated/ lt'll be triple the price Right! Where's the killer? That's him! l'm not a killer l'm tired What's happening? lt's serious/ Add some more Listen, no dead body, no case Our action should speak for itself You are wasting our energy lt's worth paying more for a good show Why are you such a fool? Just be smart and pay it l want to, but l don't have money You can go and rob Your honour, let's cancel the case! He's so generous Pay quickly and cancel the case Where's the crime scene? Speak up! Orchid Temple The one who died is not a human being l saw you chop off that woman's head Not a woman, a ghost Ghost? Anything not of this world is not my concern Right! Then l don't charge you? Right Let's adjourn without charge/// Adjourned without charge/// l know that woman Her family lives behind that Temple lt's now deserted Behind it is the grave Grave? Because of the chaotic situation the people in town have all left The spooky sounds at night are made by ghosts Ghosts? l don't believe it! lf you don't believe, l'll take you to see them See for yourself! You believe it now? lf she was a ghost why didn't she kill me? Maybe you still have some use Really? Only a ghost can tell Ghosts use each other like people Get out of here before it gets back And you? l'm staying/ The world is too complicated lt's simpler to get along with ghosts l'm staying Go now! l've thought it over You'd better stay Stay? Those female ghosts may hurt me So much the better l can wipe them all out lf they come to you, ring this bell and l'll come to your rescue You want to use me to kill Hsiao-tsing? Yes, they got fed up with me and won't tolerate me anymore This one is powerful Can you cope with them? Sure, evil can't conquer good Hold this Sutra What language is that? Sanskrit Remember, concentration invites Buddhism What's the first line? Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi You know Sanskrit? No, but l know this principle Remember to ring the bell when you see the evil Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi/// Don't keep reciting that! The evil may not appear then Who? Who is it? Say it, or l'll open the door Why are you back? Old Evil knows you are here Are you a ghost? Yes! Did you kill those men in that temple? l had no choice l had to do it under the circumstances Keep away/// Keep away, or l'll be nasty! Did you hurt yourself? Don't be afraid, l won't hurt you Why don't you believe me? Have l ever hurt you? A ghost is evil Can l trust a ghost? But some men more scary than ghosts Sometimes, they are more harmful Some ghosts are unable to vent their grievances That's why l'm wandering ln fact, some ghosts are better than men Why did you kill then? Old Evil forced me to She's a 1000-year old tree monster l am from a good family but l was murdered My father buried me under that old tree He was later also killed Then Old Evil controlled my body and used me to lure men to absorb their yang elements She's now selling me to that old monster Stop! Hsiao-tsing! Bastard! Why don't you ring the bell? Are you still afraid of me? No, l must deliver you from Old Evil Really? After tomorrow, take my ashes to a family before dusk and l will have a chance of reincarnation Rest assured l'll unearth it early tomorrow and deliver it Damn! Go quick! That Taoist will fix you! Old Evil asked me to hurt you She doesn't trust me She may come to kill you/ Go now! Don't worry! We are blessed l have magic Damn Taoist, you fooled me/// Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi lt won't work? Why doesn't it work? What's this? Old Evil's tongue Ning Tsai-shen! Hsiao-tsing/// Ning Tsai-shen! What's this? Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing! Shut your mouth or the tongue may get in! This way! Hsiao-tsing! Leave me alone! Ning Tsai-shen! Follow the cloth; don't ever look back Hsiao-tsing! l/// Go? Ning Tsai-shen/// Hsiao-tsing! Ning Tsai-shen! Hsiao-tsing! Old Evil! lt's you, damn Taoist! Who else, if not me? Where have you been? Why didn't you come? Why didn't you ring the bell? l nearly got killed How dare you take away my meat? l don't mind your killing those bad ones But this scholar who is so pure but weak and good for nothing What good is he to you? Don't compliment me! l can't convince her without bluffing Killing him means not giving me any face What about your killing my maid? That's not giving me any face either Damn old woman, let's not talk about face Well, let's fight it out! Let's see who is stronger Her tongue's longer than yours! Go away! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi! Blessed sword! Watch out! No scruples in Heaven or on Earth Hsiao-tsing! Ning Tsai-shen! Keep away! Hit! Don't kill her! Hsiao-tsing Bastard! Come back quick! Help that Taoist fight with Old Evil Where? Anywhere will do! What if l hit? Hit! My bum! She's coming again! Run! Don't dawdle! Hsiao-tsing! Watch out! l want your lives l chop! Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing/// Are you mad? You know she's harmful Why have you fallen for her? She was forced/ Don't misunderstand There's a boundary between men and ghosts Men should avoid ghostly affairs Not get involved l've broken her century-old magic She's powerful but can only wreak havoc in a century lf nothing happens, she won't interfere l must keep my promise l must bring her ashes back to her birth place So that she can be reincarnated Swordsman l know you don't want to get involved a lot of highlanders are on the way to town l can't make it without your help Swordsman Yin, l beg you Help me take her ashes back Give her a chance/ Please! On your feet! l retired because l hate dealing with mean people So l hid in this temple l pretended to be a ghost in front of a man and a human in front of a ghost and now l don't know if l'm a man or a ghost l'm not a swordsman Swordsman Ridiculous! What's so funny! l don't want to be a man But Hsiao-tsing wants to reincarnate Don't say that! The most important is to get out here l don't understand all this nonsense! Alright, l promise you! l found it! Why so much? How strange! Which one? No time to sort out now Take them away! Where should we put the Sutra? ln the satchel! No, keep it to make the spirits follow us Follow me closely! l can't, you're riding too fast We're in a rush Yin, something's wrong! Why are we still at the same old place? Must be those evil spirits What then? We must get out of the forest before it's dark Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi! Follow me Someone's celebrating! lnn keeper! Why is it deserted? All gone to hell? Who died? What are you doing? We want to stay the night Follow me! You can go! Don't shout! Hsiao-tsing, come out if you're among them Master, looking for me? Master, looking for us? No sign of Hsiao-tsing Maybe the wrong ashes! Grab your things and get lost Don't wreak havoc anymore Thank you! Vanish! Last chance This is the last Hsiao-tsing, come out if it's you! Come out!/// Master, looking for me? A male! No chance! Why do you keep calling me? lt's the waiter You scared me! Damn! Why did you appear so abruptly? Come out! Hsiao-tsing! Ning Tsai-shen! Hsiao-tsing! Thank you for saving my life! Well///! Stand up! /// Don't be formal/ We're friends You're wasting time! l'll replace 2 horses for the journey tomorrow What a pair of lovers! That's his style He must do it before leaving lt's frosty all over the lake Time flies when all goes grey Facing the moon alone, l need company Lovebirds fare better than fairies This picture is the only thing l leave l'll keep it forever We must be in town by dusk tomorrow or l won't be reincarnated You should be happy for me lt's a wonderful chance for you But we must part before dawn and forever Heavens! Don't ever get dark! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Evil in the air! Blood bun!? A ghost wedding Stop dawdling! This inn is haunted Pack up and get out of here l'll get the golden pagoda Hurry up! Oh, l forgot the painting! Get it when day breaks Ning Tsai-shen! Today's a good day in hell They must've got Hsiao-tsing back Old Evil's coming to collect the bride Scholar, it seems we have to storm Hell! We must rescue Hsiao-tsing We must rescue her before the incense burns out We can't go back when the day breaks Remember, close your eyes! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi/// Can l open my eyes now? You must, if you want to find her Hsiao-tsing's inside Hsiao-tsing! Ning Tsai-shen! Hsiao-tsing! Why can't l get hold of her? Ning Tsai-shen! Hsiao-tsing/// ln the mundane world men can't see ghosts ln hell ghosts can't see men Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Hsiao-tsing can see you now/ Go now! They're going to hell! Go! Hsiao-tsing! What now? Go into hiding Go and rescue Hsiao-tsing at once Me? Let's go! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Heaven and Earth are limitless Here l am! Don't mind me, run! l'm here to help you l'll cut it for you! Run! The magic powers! Swordsman Yin, watch out! You go first, l'll stay behind Find another exit Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Swordsman Yin! Why have you come back? We can't get out of here! Old Evil has blocked the exit You can't get out of here Help me get an arrow Draw the bow Let loose! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Damn, we're not his match Pull at him/ This is 1000-year old Evil He may drain your soul away Swordsman Yin! Concentrate! Recite! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi Lord Black, please let them go Break the golden pagoda and be my company Hsiao-tsing, don't be taken in Concentrate! Recite! Pao-Yeh-Pao-Lo-Mi/// Don't! l'll rescue you! Hsiao-tsing! Hsiao-tsing! Yin Che-hsia, Ning Tsai-shen l'll take your lives Don't What's this? The Sutra? You've done enough l have to get rid of you damn evil Damn old Evil! Swordsman Yin! The way's clear! Help Swordsman Yin out! Swordsman Yin! Swordsman Yin, we're back on Earth! Damn, it's dawn! Hsiao-tsing's not yet here! Help her out Swordsman Yin, lend a hand! Hsiao-tsing! Keep her from the sunshine Or she may evaporate and can't be reincarnated Hsiao-tsing, come back to the golden pagoda! The sun is rising, l've got to go! Hsiao-tsing, be a good human being l'll remember you always l can't even see you before we part Take care! She's gone! Hsiao-tsing Hsiao-tsing Hsiao-tsing, l'll take you back Wonder if she has been reincarnated ln these times, an unlucky man may fare worse than a ghost Look ahead Let's go!