Comrade Commander. The Germans have taken Lokhvytsia. The siege ring is complete. What about Kiev, Commander? We have nowhere to retreat to. To your posts, everyone! Ready weapons, prepare for battle! Air! Air! Keep your head down! Here. Can you hear me better now? Yes. -Oh, God... Around me... there were only corpses. I lost consciousness and only regained it a day or two later. After a while I heard noises that made me get up. I got up and decided to walk towards the sound. That's how I ended up in a nearby village. Boys, grab this fellow. He's injured. Gently. Careful. Careful. He's one of yours. Lieutenant Berenshtein, 3rd Company. Melnichenko, also a lieutenant. Except our company no longer exists. Not just yours. There's nothing left of our defense forces. Father, we're going to leave tonight. We have to find partisans before the snow piles up. Do whatever you like, but you're going to get caught. Which is why we can't stay. They'll come, sooner or later. What about him? I told them I wanted to go with them, but they said, "No, we can't take you for one very simple reason: "Your leg doesn't work. "You'll slow us down." Hold on. Just hold on. Just hold on. Pour it. That's it. Quiet. Quiet. That's it. It hurts here. It's because you've been sitting for too long. I can't get up. Shall I rub the ointment on your leg? Yes. Rub... Alright, let's go. We'll go slowly. Get up, we'll go to the bed. Come, give me your hand. Well done. Well done... Hold on. Stop. Don't start walking right away. Stand up straight first. Can you walk? -No. No... Hold on to me, but keep standing. It's important. If you sit down now, you'll never stand up. Slowly, carefully. It'll get better soon. Hold on. We'll move a little closer and then I'll let you go. Just like that, slowly. -Don't let me go. You brought me tea. -Yes. Thank you. What's your name? Stop! Is that the man you talked about? Is that the Jew? Take that, Jew. Quickly! I'm going to read a passage from your book, the one in which you describe how Grandma hid you. Well? Are you ready to hear it? Yes. -Listen carefully. "Most importantly, no one asked me "who I was, where I came from or how I got there, "nor how long I was going to stay. "They simply helped a man in trouble. "And when the moment of truth arrived, "the entire family proved they had been and still were true human beings. "This was how it happened: "I went to bed, but I couldn't fall asleep for a long time. "Thoughts of how I mustn't abuse my hosts' kindness plagued me. "I thought I had to bid them goodbye the next morning "and leave for the Smelansky forest. "According to Piotr Afanasyevich, "I might find partisans there. "As soon as I began to fall asleep, there were loud knocks on the door. "It was obvious the entire family... "would be murdered along with me." Where's the soldier? One came by this morning, but he's long gone. Your neighbor said the same thing, and I even believed him. But then I searched his cabin. Do you know where he is now? Yes. Which is why I immediately turned the soldier away. Who's that? My granddaughter. What's your name, child? Vera. -Shut up. Your grandfather is hiding a soldier here. Why don't you show me where he is? Let's go, there's no one here. There's no one here, let's go. Careful, Piotr. She's still a little girl. She's too young to die. I... I knew what would happen if Shataylo found me at the house. I knew it. It would have ended badly for Afanasyevich and the entire family. Cross the entire village. Enter the forest by the stables. When you reach the river, cross it and keep following the flow. You'll then reach a pine grove, and that's where Smelansky forest begins. This is bread. Take it. My son was your size. Take it. Thank you! Thank you, Father. Stop! Stop! Stop, you swine! After him! Stop! Stop! Shit. No matter what, I had to find the partisans who'd gone into the forest. It was winter. The cold was unbearable. He's alive. They came out of the forest and found me. They brought a pot of kasha. It's been several years since then, but I'll remember that kasha forever. My name is Dubovoy. I'm the battalion commander. Lieutenant Dorofeyev commands the intelligence unit. You'll meet the others later on. Now, in order, state your name and profession, if you have one. Go ahead. Well, soldiers. Malkin. Malkin, Semyon. I'm a painter from Cherkasy. My entire family was murdered so I came to you. Painter? Can you do anything useful? Aramian! Surkis Aramian. Sergeant in the armored division. I was separated from my unit near Konotop. Vasiliev. -Vasiliev, Vladimir. 5th army 223rd artillery regiment. Where were you separated from your unit? Near Orzhica, Comrade Commander. Zarenko. Second naval lieutenant Ivan Zarenko. I was separated from my unit near Kiev. Kim. Look, Comrade Commander... The boy wants to join the battalion and fight. Who he is, where he's from, who his parents are, no one knows. I have no parents. I'm alone. Finding a partisan camp is an act of bravery of itself. But you must earn the right to be called a true partisan. And remember, you are not in a wild group, you are subject to orders from the Ukrainian Front Headquarters. We are all soldiers of the Red Army, with all the rules and duties that entails. Do you understand? Military duties and rules apply to you just as they apply to every armored corps, navy or infantry soldier. There are, however, a few differences. Unlike the soldiers at the front, you will get no days off and no leaves. You will have no hospital. You will have to make do with our own doctor, Sergei Ivanovich. There's just one problem. Sergei Ivanovich has no medicine. Therefore, it is sometimes better to die than to be injured. And death here waits around every corner. Take my weapon. Our main mission is to blow up Nazi freight trains, preferably those carrying tanks or ammunition. But even if the only thing in them are Nazis, that's good too. Get those bastards off the damn tracks! "We shot at German soldiers" Ready. Fire! Fire! The partisan is a master of the forest, so you need to know every bush, every tree, every path. The forest will become your home. Where should we go, sir? Go right, towards Smela. And you must learn to protect your home from unwelcome guests! Partisans! Take cover! Every time I killed a German, I felt I did something that would save people. Every train that traveled to and from the front - I felt satisfied when I blew it up because in it were German forces who wanted to destroy thousands of people, and did. It was the rare kind of war in which... the Germans reached unimaginable levels of cruelty. And anyone who made it to the partisans had seen all that, and did everything they could to get revenge. Onion... Vitamins. Pass the cup. Well, to victory! To victory! Don't I have better things to do than poison myself with smoke? Piss off. Oh, she speaks. Hey, Asambekov. Did you decide to poison the girl? Poison a girl like that? Never. When the war ends, you should come with me to Tashkent. Dream on. Our watermelons are this big! Don't rub it in. Why bring up watermelons? Why not? Let me dream. I bet Tashkent is warm and there's plenty of food there. I wish I was there now. There's nothing for us to do there. Our place is here, fighting the Nazis. And Tashkent... is where the Jews are hiding. That's right. Commander! Vasiliev. -May I speak with you? Sit. Sir, I wish to report to headquarters my real name, Leonid Berenshtein. I want my mother to know I'm alive. Here at camp I'd rather remain Vasiliev, with your permission. Three freight trains, Vasiliev. Three freight trains this week, and one of them is yours. Do you think it matters what the person blowing them up is called, or what his nationality is? I think it would be better this way. Besides, the guys already know me as Volodya. Whatever you say, Vasiliev. It's your decision. Who drew this? Who drew this picture? Who's the artist? A partisan. Do you often think about your partisans? Very often. I think about them... all the time. Many of them were killed. I cherish them in my heart. Right there, those are ten partisans. I'm glad I fought alongside them. Nothing made me happier. The birch tree is crying. Marina, come, it's time to go. Well, what's going on? Comrade Dubovoy, the bonfires are ready to be lit. Damn! Where are they? The sun is already up. They should have been here by now. It would be better if they didn't come. We'll be caught along with them. Plane! Our guys are coming! Dammit. Light the bonfires. Goddamn, do you have an ass for a head? What took you so long? And why so many parachutes? We were waiting for a single fighter and some cargo. Who's in charge here? Comrade Dubovoy, I presume? I was warned about you. This area is swarming with German troops. They're literally hunting us. It's very dangerous here during the day. But we aren't Germans, are we? So I'd advise him to be careful when talking to a party commissar. With whom do I have the honor of speaking? Vasiliev, Vladimir. Commander of the intelligence unit. So young and already a commander. Captain, allow me to report. I'm major Goryachiy, I'm here to establish a new unit in Pozharsky's name. And what? Is that it? Where's the cargo? Where's the food? Where are the weapons for my men? Why the hell do I need you here? The operation to cross the Dnieper is scheduled to begin soon. The Red Army is preparing to liberate western Ukraine. Our joint mission is to help the army across the river. We're talking about thousands of soldiers and equipment. That's why, from this moment on, we work together. And you, Comrade Dubovoy, will have to share your men with me. You'll get the full details at Headquarters. There's the order. Kabachenko? -Here. Take Fomenko and Smirnov and head to the camp through the grove. Yes, sir! -Take Comrade Goryachiy and his friends. The rest, come with me. We'll go via the river. That's all. Let's go. What a beautiful day. Isn't it, Comrade Dubovoy? Makes you want to sing. Stop! Everything here's swollen, because of my tooth. Let me see. Let me see, I studied dentistry for a year before they took us to the front. Maybe I'll be able to see something. Brother, we need to pull it out. I'll pull yours out! What's with you? Silence, everyone. Ready weapons. Silence. Ready weapons! Penal battalions. No less than a hundred men, and those damned collaborators are with them. When we arrived, we saw the village was on fire. It was already on fire. There was a river there, the Tiasmyn. We made it to the riverbank just as the torchbearers burned down the village. Inside, everyone! Faster, faster. Stop. Stop! Those villagers have always helped us. That's why the Nazis came. We'll all die here. We won't even make it across the river. Give me your hand! Mama! There are children there. There were children, elderly people, women... It was a nightmare. It's hard to imagine something like that could happen, that an entire village would be burned, along with its residents. Mama! Let go! Let go! Let me go! Quiet. Quiet. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. Let me go. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. There's nothing we can do. Commander, they're waiting for you. We've received orders from the Headquarters of the 4th Ukrainian Front. The Red Army plans to cross the Dnieper south of Cherkasy. From here... to here. Our mission is to gather intelligence about German fortifications on the right bank and identify a weak spot. The Dnieper is a wide river, and without a bridgehead the crossing will become... a massacre, as you can imagine. We're talking about thousands of soldiers and military vehicles. But that's impossible! Our orders are clear: Gather intelligence. Where's the location of the largest German force in the area? Comrade Vasiliev, please show us on the map where we are in relation to the burned village. Comrade Vasiliev? We're here. We're about 120 miles from the Dnieper. If the unit gets close, even if we move in small groups, the Germans will spot us immediately. They can't perfectly fortify the entire 120-mile bank, there must be a weak spot, but... it isn't there. What do you mean, not there? We need to find an engineering battalion. That's where we'll find a map of the fortifications. But... I don't think there's one along the riverbank. It's probably in the rear. We've received a mission of the highest order, and you're suggesting we look for an imaginary map that may not even exist. I think infiltration is the only solution. Of course it's a dangerous plan, but... it'll give us a chance to keep our people safe and carry out the mission. Explain yourself, Vasiliev. Imas speaks German. So does Zhulkovsky. We'll send them to the German rear together with a few soldiers as backup. In order to do this we'll have to keep a low profile and stay inside the camp, lull the Germans into complacency. What are you proposing? That they simply walk into German headquarters, say hello, take the map and walk out? Exactly, Comrade Commissar. I have a feeling Comrade Vasiliev is trying to send his men to certain death. Besides, Commander, I've learned there's a food shortage in the battalion so we have to send people into the village for food. Now is not the time to maintain a low profile. -We can't go to the village, there are a lot of secret German agents there. If we're caught, we'll fail the mission. Your men have nothing to eat. The men will manage. I recalled that Shataylo worked at the regional German army headquarters. Another unit was stationed near the Pomoshnya railway station. They did many things, but the documents regarding the Dnieper fortifications were all kept in their safes. How did you learn that information? That information... He worked at their headquarters and knew where the documents were kept. I found him. Zarenko, cover us from here. You two, go around the house. So, Shataylo. Out of luck again. Remember how you searched for a soldier in Afanasyevich's house? Remember? I can see in your eyes that you remember. I wish I'd found him. Why are you here? To loot the village? Take the food and get out. There are rumors the Germans have posted an engineering battalion in your region. We need to know where they are and how many people are there. I'm not going to help you, scum. So you only collaborate with animals, you bastard? Do you know what your new friends did to the village? You were there. Fuck you, forest rat. No, please, don't shoot Papa! Don't kill him, please! No, no... Please, you don't need to. Don't kill him, please! Don't kill him, please! Please, no! -Mama! I'm begging you, don't kill him! Mama, Papa! Please, don't kill Papa! Please! I became a bad person. I developed a ruthlessness, and I carried that ruthlessness within me until the end of the war. Commander? Volodya? Are you alright? Have him the describe the building's layout. Tell it to Malkin, so he can draw it. And that one... we'll take with us. I'll hang him in the forest. Alright. Well? When will be allowed to go to the village for food? No sooner than five days. And how will we survive till then? Eat weeds, or what? Listen, you can eat weeds, or, like Imas, settle for spiritual sustenance. Screw you, and your jokes. Listen, ugly, do you want to get arrested? What does it matter where I die? -Gentlemen, gentlemen! Be respectful. We already have someone to fight. Have you forgotten? Be an example to the young ones. Zarenko, you should go read a book. They say there's a village here where you can get food. Dream on. There, your meal is cooking. Idiots. What else can we do? We're all going to die here. I have some interesting thoughts. Take two new recruits with you and be ready at sunrise. What's up? I don't like this. It's too quiet. Smells like Nazis. Let's finish up as quickly as possible and head back. Alright? I'll check the other side in the meantime. Go. Wow, so many potatoes. At least we'll have something to eat tonight. She was found with fascist posters. The bitch was mingling with the Nazis. Go on, lower your rifle. One unit set out on a mission. It was headed by First Lieutenant Asambekov. During the mission he raped a teacher, robbed her and returned to camp. I asked who'd sent them on the mission. They told me it was the commissar. The commissar... Fine. By orders of Comrade Stalin, we did not lay down our weapons and did not surrender to the enemy. Despite the shortage in food and ammunition, the soldiers' spirit is strong and their faith in victory remains unshakable. Dismissed. Do you know what your soldiers did in the village? Do you think we can loot them? That we can rape women? You're a commissar, dammit. Relax. Look what they found at her place. Who gave the order without my knowledge? Well, my soldiers screwed up, but I'll handle it. They'll pay for this. They'll pay? I'm afraid they won't have what to pay you with. Look how they live. There's no bread, people cover themselves with whatever they find, water is running low. The German noose grows tighter and tighter, and you're making it worse. Listen to me... -If I listened to everyone, we'd have already eaten each other. We're not at the front, Zhilin! We're at the enemy's rear! -At least the soldiers at the front have food! And a bed, and the occasional leave. While we live like hunted animals. It's true, we have no food. And no leave. But we will make no concessions, either. Let them hunt us as much as they want, but my soldiers will not become animals. How could you? You're a commander, dammit! How can you allow this? He said to me, "Then what do you propose?" "I propose we execute them all, tomorrow. "Anyone who was on that mission." Leonia, they're your soldiers, Leonia. Mine, and I have over 100 of them. Without discipline we won't last a month here. So decide who the shooter will be. When we fought near Paskov, there was a major with us. He was a good guy, but he had a problem. He was too honest. Do you know what happened to him? We should reeducate them, not kill. Otherwise someone, somewhere very particular, might be very unhappy, Comrade Berenshtein. Alright, Zhilin. Tomorrow morning, you do it yourself. Not just Asambekov, but also anyone who was there and said nothing. And I'll stand behind you and believe me, one wrong move and I'll send you to the afterlife with them. Understand? The fire crackles in the hearth The trees weep with sap A harmonica sings to me quietly Of your eyes and your smile The bushes have told me about you In the white fields around Moscow The road to you is long But death is only four strides away The road to you is long But death is only four strides away Wait, I didn't do anything... I order you to carry out the sentence. Ready. Aim. Fire! Looting or murder didn't happen on my watch. They didn't. From then on, everyone knew I would execute them for it. They knew they mustn't loot, mustn't rape. We're soldiers of the Red Army, and anyone who did that had to be held responsible for their actions. Blessed be their memory. How do you feel? Leonid... Not good. What's not good? Stroke. With Kiev liberated and the Dnieper river behind us, I'm sure the Germans' days on Ukrainian soil are numbered. So, friends, let's simply drink... to this great victory! All of you, with no exceptions, have contributed greatly. Hurrah! -Hurrah! Vasiliev, right? Yes, Captain. Well done, Vasiliev! You've all done so much. Let's drink to you, to the partisans. To Svidivok, Gapsino, the Dnieper River. To your brave operations. You know us well, Captain. Forgive me, I forgot to introduce myself. Khoroshilov... Head of the Commendation Department. Understand? Of course I know your battalion. I sign off on all your medals. By the way, tell me, who's that Jew you've got with you? Berenshtein. Do me a favor, pass me those gherkins. These gherkins are really something. Haven't had any in a while. What were you saying... Captain... about Berenshtein? Right... I've received all sorts of recommendations about him. They want to award him the gold star of the Hero of the Soviet Union. And I... obviously, I do what I have to with those recommendations. I hide them. Understand? Come, Captain, I'll introduce you to Berenshtein. Well, where is he? Berenshtein. It's a pleasure. Do you think I fight for your commendations? Ola. Olenka... Yes? Find me the... correspondence between Stalin and Churchill. It's in here. There's the correspondence. Well, read it. Correspondence between Stalin and Churchill During the War, volume II. "Letters from early June, 1944. "Here is an excerpt from a top-secret telegram sent by Churchill: "There is firm evidence "that the Germans have been conducting the trials of flying rockets "from an experimental station at Dembica in Poland for a considerable time. "According to our information "this missile has an explosive charge of about twelve thousand pounds "and the effectiveness of our counter-measures largely depends "on how much we can find out about this weapon..." Who wrote that? Churchill? Yes, Churchill is asking Stalin... "In particular we hope to learn "how the rocket is discharged "as this will enable us to locate the launching sites." Volodya, what's the sudden hurry? Couldn't they have mentioned this earlier? What are they thinking? Quit grumbling, Imas. We have two days to prepare. Make sure all those lover boys report to me in five minutes. Yes, sir. Make it ten minutes, will you? Comrade Dubovoy! I'm so glad to see you. I heard you're flying out, so I came to visit. Let's sit. I understand you're being sent to western Ukraine. I heard the order came from above. They sent out four units. None of them returned, Volodya. I know. Do they? Stay safe, son. What did the war do to your emotions? Leonid... There were no emotions. There was only one emotion... Carry out the order. Is everyone here? Sir, Zarenko and Luneva are missing. Thank you. Comrade Vasiliev! Comrade Vasiliev... Wireless Operator Alexandra, you're lucky you need to fly. Otherwise I'd have you detained for five days for unauthorized absence. Forgive me, Comrade Vasiliev, I was at the shooting range. I've... never held a weapon before. Quickly, get on that plane and get dressed. Yes, sir! Dammit, Zarenko! Commander, what's the delay? It's time to take off. Zarenko, have you lost your mind? What is that? Sir, it's a goose. I see it's a goose. What's it doing here? There's a superstition that you need to give the pilot a gift before you take off. So I've decided... Imas' book says geese saved Rome, and this goose is going to save us. Sit down, Zarenko. Straight away. We're crossing the front lines. Prepare to parachute! You'll take turns jumping, no more than two seconds apart. Otherwise you'll never find each other down there. Shut the door! Get away from the windows! I've shut it. That's it. Is everyone alright? Where are we? I don't know. The instruments are damaged. It's your call: You can either jump, or we can return to the airport. One, two, three, four, five. Anyone see the wireless operator? Dammit. Dammit. Go ahead. There's someone there! Inside my parachute. Who are you? Who are you? Answer me! Tell us who you are? Don't stay silent. Damn! What's going on? What language are you speaking? That's it, shut up. His tongue seems to be working, but he doesn't speak Ukrainian. Comrades, I don't know how to tell you this, but... welcome to Poland. Poland? How? We were flying to the Carpathian Mountains! What's the name of your village? Can you show me on the map? Friends, we're 60 miles away from our destination. What should we do? If the food sacks fell near the village, the Germans will be here soon. To stay here would be to sign our own death warrant. We're leaving immediately, and taking him with us. Be quiet, get up. Commander, Guzanov has a compound fracture! Without medicine, without a cast, he'll never make it to the target. Then make sure he makes it. When we landed... I began to carry out my mission. We went hungry for five or six days because there was no way for us to get food. I decided it was better to starve but leave an area surrounded by Germans. It looks like an abandoned field hospital. Maybe there's even some medicine left inside? Comrade Vasiliev? No way, it's not a hospital. Look, there are posts with barbed wire. Then what was this? Maybe another village burned by the Germans? Doesn't look like it. Alright, Revenko and Platonov, stay here with Indik and Gozanov. The rest of you, follow me. -Yes, Sir. "On your wedding day, love, Father" Commander! Commander! Commander! We found someone there, all covered in blood. He speaks French, we can't understand anything. Volodya, the comrades found a Frenchman hiding behind that hill. He claims he escaped from a detainee camp and that the Germans are supposedly developing something secret there. He says we have to report it to Comrade Stalin immediately. He seems to be delusional. -Come. What did you see? Tell us what you saw. Slowly, say it slowly. My French isn't very good. What's he saying? Hold on. He says he's an energy engineer. He worked with other prisoners at a training facility in which the Germans are developing missiles as tall as buildings. Have you seen these missiles? Yes, he says he saw one, once. Imas, translate. He said something about chemistry, I didn't really understand it. In short, these missiles could destroy half the continent. Comrades, are we sure our new friend is even sane? We're staying here. We'll get food, medicine. How can we stay? According to our orders, we're 40 miles away from our target. Then they'll have to change the order. Volodya, we need to report to headquarters before we make a decision like that. They'll have to change the order. You said yourself... that staying here means signing our death warrant. Imas, staying here is the right thing to do. Do you believe he's telling the truth? I don't know. But if even half of what he says is true, we're incredibly lucky. Commander, I can't get through. I've tried five times. We must still be out of communication range. Try and get some rest. Sir, can I sit next to you for a while? The sky today looks very special. Maybe it always does, and I just never noticed. Do you know how many stars are in the sky? "How many stars are in the sky? "How many weeds in the field? "How many crumbs in a load of bread? "How many drops in the sea? "Remember you're the only one for me..." I miss home. My father used to recite that poem to me when I was little. My stepfather. I never met my biological father. I don't remember my father, either. He died when I was five. What do you remember? He was a watchmaker. I remember that as a child I'd sit on his lap, and I'd pretend we were fixing clocks together. It was as though time stood still in his little room. Other than that, I remember nothing. It's been so long... I don't even remember his face. So how does your poem end? "Remember you're the only one for me. "Without you there is no sky, "without you there is no sea, "like a loaf of bread without crumbs, "like the sea without any drops." Shura, read out the transmission we received. -Yes. "Why is there no new information about the facility? "When can we expect accurate data?" As you can see, central command is losing patience. We've been looking for the facility for almost two months. We've lost a lot of intelligence operatives. It's getting harder and harder to evade the Germans and we haven't even gotten close to the facility. Comrades, what's our plan? Imas? Well, here's what we've learned from people who escaped it: The secret facility is being used to develop long-range missiles. The facility is heavily guarded. Our intelligence operatives... are caught long before they get anywhere near the area. All roads leading to it are hermetically sealed. We know the facility is located somewhere between Rzeszow and Krakow, but where exactly... we have no idea. I'd say to hell with that facility. We've lost so many people over it. What if... we sent people who wouldn't draw attention? Helpless locals, for example? Can you find me some disabled locals? Can you find some disabled or helpless-looking locals? Sure. Tell the commander not to worry. He says he'll find some. We'll need old people, too. Anyone who won't raise suspicion. Eight central roads run through this area, in addition to 20-30 dirt paths. Our people's mission is to pass through all those roads. Their central mission: To mark wherever they're stopped by the Germans. Stop! Where do you think you're going? We're going to gather mushrooms. We'll mark every roadblock on the map, and at the center of that perimeter will be the place we're looking for, the German facility. That's the SS officer who's in charge of security at the facility. They're having a party today. I'll try and lure him out at 7 P.M. Be ready. Victoria was in a dance troupe, and performed for the Germans. The information she gathered while dancing and talking to the Germans in German was a great help to us. Is this boy your son? He's with me. He wants to help. What's that? I don't know. This roadblock wasn't here before. Out. Where's your pass? You don't have a pass. What's that there? Yaneck, if anything goes wrong, run away and get this note to the commander. There's something sticking out of his pocket. Unbutton your coat. Let's see what you're hiding. Come here. Wait. Where are you, Victoria? Wait... Come here. I've missed you. Close your eyes. Zarenko, make sure he gets food and drink. There you are... Dembica! Volodya, can I interrupt for a moment? We found it, Imas! It's in Dembica. What's wrong, Imas? The head of the village at Starzhenice, near Baligrod. He's our informant. Yes, I know, what of it? After the incident with the burned village you asked us to tell you of anything similar. The village head reports seeing the Germans capture a large group of Jews, families with children. He estimates there were about 100 of them. The execution is scheduled for tomorrow. Volodya, I understand everything, but we can't risk the operation now. Moreover, we have direct orders from headquarters not to go anywhere near that town. "The presence of superior enemy forces." Volodya, understand, your people would follow you through thick and thin, but not now, not when we're so close. There's too much at stake. There's nothing we can do. Leave me alone, Imas. Comrades, as soon as we enter we'll split into two groups. One, two, three, four... Go. Zarenko, there's a guard in the watchtower. One, two, three... Quiet, quiet. To me. Move, you filthy swine. Only one building left. I'm the commander of the Pozharsky partisan battalion. The gate is open. You're free to go. Those who choose to stay will be given a weapon. You'll become partisans. You'll fight with us. That might be true freedom. Not everyone is born to be a fighter, but we were all born to be free. A free man chooses for himself how to live, and how to die. Today we bid farewell to our brothers and sisters in arms, our closest friends, who gave their lives so that others may live. The entire world owes them an endless debt. It's our honor and duty to keep them in our memory for the sake of those who'll come after us and those who will come after them. My name is Leonid Berenshtein. I'm one of you. I was also meant to have a yellow badge on my shirt. And I also made my choice. It's very possible that soon, maybe tomorrow, our lives will come to an end. But it's not death that matters, but who we are when we meet it.