Hello? Casa Roshell speaking. Yes, of course. Sure, you'd like to dress up. Okay, we have a basic transformation set, which includes a dress, make up... shoes, wig, and accessories. That's right. Okay, I'll schedule your visit. We'll be expecting you... you're welcome. Can I have some water? Water has been the downfall of entire civilizations. But I'm thirsty... Okay, but later we'll have some tequila. Sure, that'll keep me away from home, and my wife. TUESDAY, JANUARY 19TH FROM 5 TO 11 PM PERSONALITY WORKSHOP We had to rush here. Why's that? It's been so busy, and we almost didn't make it. - But you made it! - We made it. - Now you can relax... - Sure. - ...take it easy. - Sure... - It's therapy. - That's right. It's therapeutic. - Look at my poor finger. - What happened? I caught it in a car door! - ...about 3 weeks ago. - I've removed those nails. Why's that? It was time to give them a rest. - Pau? - What. You're always hurting yourself. You're right! Just look at these burns! And they all happened here: this one was Pina, this was... That one didn't come out so well, let's try again. - This was your one. - That's right. This is when I crashed into a chair, this was on Independence Day a couple of years ago, - and this burn... - Hasn't it healed yet? This was that day with the bicycles, - Right. - The bicycles. Who knows what that guy did with my make-up... ...but he really hurt me... There's one missing to hold it in here. - Where? - Under the vest. Where do you need it? I have the same problem, I hate it! Then wear the longer vest. But that's a bit too much. Let's see. Let's see. This one or the other one? That's it. We're almost done. You look so pretty! Who are you texting? - She won't tell us. - It's a secret! Hi cutie, good evening! I just wanted to tell you that I'm at the club, at Rosh's, and I'm waiting for you. I really want to see you. So I hope you're on your way... - ...don't be long. - Tell him to bring two friends. Come on sailor, your mermaid's waiting. For the shape of our bodies, thinking of letters is helpful. At first, our male bodies are shaped like a T. In order to look like women, we need our bodies to become more like an X. Remember that we have broad shoulders, which gives us a T shape. So to become more like an X, we need to highlight our waist. Wearing A-shaped skirts... ...will help to create an illusion of broader hips and narrower shoulders. Once we have the outfit, we need to learn how to walk. Lift your knees, and never lean on your heels. Just rest it, and walk as if you were floating. That's modulating. We also need to choose a wig of the right length and color. This will help to create another illusion. Girls, let's start practicing! Stand in line, your feet will gradually get used to it. And always remember to measure your feet so you know your exact shoe size. Okay, let's go again, but this time... ...get into the role, feel the attitude, feel like a queen, let's do it! You look beautiful in high heels, like you always wanted! So let's do it. Once again, Lili! Come on, don't stop! Keep going. You're getting better all the time. Stop there... further back. Further back, and stop there! Also take your time to breathe a little: Breathe in, breathe out... ...again. Remember that old... trick... ...with the Yellow Pages? We need to keep upright from the diaphragm up, standing straight to look thinner, to project our breasts, to stretch our necks. But down below, our knees must be flexed because we are feline, like panthers... we are sexy. Okay, let's start again! Keep going. Great! Some of you aren't doing it with conviction! But we'll keep practicing. And remember that you're wearing a wig, a dress, the full outfit... You also need to bring the character that you want to convey, the image that you wish to project. What kind of girl am I? Am I an intellectual, am I naïve, am I aggressive, am I a mermaid? Or am I Marilyn Monroe? Hi, how are you? - Good, you? - Good... - Do I get a kiss? - So, what brings you here? - I just felt like going out. - I'll wait for you here. - Okay, see you. You've also gone through a transition. The fact that you like trans women is also a transition, but let me say it again: you're not gay! You're still straight, but you've discovered that there are... ...different kinds of women. Because we are also women! Carry on dancing, just like that. - Are you tired yet? - No. Wait! Carry on dancing! Hi Can I have a cigarette? Thanks so much. Hello? I won't be in the hospital today. I can see you tomorrow. Good night. - You're a doctor? - That's right. - I'm a lawyer. - Great. That's right. Do you come here often? Very seldom. I like to come here because I'm bisexual. I'm straight. Then what are you doing here? You could be at a strip club. What I see here are women. But they're not, not outside this place. Maybe outside they're not, but what I see in here... ...are ladies. What's up, honey? What? When I got here... ...I saw you and thought... ...'she looks beautiful!' And I wondered if I had a chance. The other times you've been here, have you enjoyed yourself? Yes. This is... ...my third time. Have you been to other places like this? Yes. But I prefer this one. You know something? Outside the club... ...men treat us like dirt. But in here, in the dark... ...they want us to fuck them. What about you? Do you like... ...to try new things? I like to talk. So... ...how about we go to the dark room? I don't think so, honey. You just called me! I told you not to call. This is just a courtesy call. You know that I'm at the club, that I come here every Friday and Tuesday, so please stop bothering me. That's all I'm asking. You know that... I'm sorry, but you can't call me at the club, because you know that... ...I come here to do what I want. We've already discussed this, I told you what I am, and I told you that I'm having an operation. I already have a doctor; I'll have my penis removed, breast implants, and I'll be prettier and nicer than you. You're welcome to come if you want! I don't care, I just don't care! I know you've seen pictures on the computer. I see that every time I use it! But I don't care if you tell the family. Tell your family, I honestly don't care. But listen to this, because this is for real: you can forget about me and start packing. because that's my house, and I'm going to live there, with my boys. No, no chance. No chance. Listen here: I'm going to live there with whoever I want. That's it! What's that bullshit about moving to Queretaro? What's that bullshit about changing your voice? Okay, baby, that's too much. What's that bullshit about... 'I'll pull my pants down and go for it.' Pull down your pants and give it to me. Go and jerk off in the bathroom. Will you see him again? I'm not going to Queretaro, honey. I bet that in four months he'll be back to see me. He has a girlfriend and he wants to keep up appearances, but that's not him. If you want handsome men, you can't beat the Italians: great features, really nice eyes. Yes, but the Germans have great legs. Sure, their legs may be big, strong, and hairy, but their faces are harsh, unforgiving. Okay, they are handsome, but they always look as if they're about to yell at you. Take Cristiano Ronaldo: very handsome, great player, but so, so conceited! How's the night going? It's looking good, it's busy. Do you want a drink, Rosh? - Please, Gini. - Sure, my pleasure. How's the bar doing, Gini? - Okay. Pass me the tequila, please. - Sure. Thanks. The bar has been doing okay. A drink, Lili? Yes, please. Whisky with ginger ale. Make that mineral water, otherwise it's fattening, and I'm on in a while. Then its your singing set. Then I have to sing. Better not. Doesn't that stain your clothes? You can wear old clothes. Have you ever thought of doing something down there? Sure, I'm having my testicles removed. Just your testicles? Why not the lot? No, honey, that's a drag. You have to use a dildo almost all your life to keep the wound open. Plus, you stop producing testosterone. Hey, Daddy. Let's have some laughs! I don't like your voice. Fuck that asshole! His girlfriend can keep him! He says he's just with her so his parents don't find out. Typical. You know what he said to me? 'I love how feminine you are, but I'm getting married.' 'I love you, ' he said, 'and I want you... ...in my life for a long time.' Luna is a woman. What did I tell you? No matter what clothes she wears, Luna is a woman. What did he say? He said: 'Sure, Sure.' I had some trouble understanding, and the other guy didn't get it. Men... Guess what, Rosh: she fell over at home. Three steps, a domestic accident. Was it a sprain, or what? She broke her leg and needed a metal plate with seven pins. You don't say! That really hurts! It was very painful, and she was afraid of the surgery. She's getting better, but that's why she hasn't come. She's stuck at home in a wheelchair. So that's why! We missed you. And now we're off to Las Vegas in a week. Really? What fun! I'm so jealous! - In a good way. - Sure. We'll go shopping, catch some shows, gamble a bit, have some fun. I think we both deserve it. Traveling is so much fun, and the shows are great, aren't they? Yes. She's earned it, putting up with me. You've got a point. When she walked in and saw me in a dress... ...she couldn't stop laughing! I was in drag, and I met her at the front door! She couldn't stop laughing... Roaring with laughter isn't her style, but she couldn't stop. She enjoyed it, didn't she? It was so funny. Then she was chatting with Pina, his wife, and other people. I don't know how long we spent here, but time just flew by. She said that she was just waiting for me to topple off my heels! Just one time I almost lost my balance. It was so much fun! She's a great woman. She understands me and puts up with me. You're a nice couple. Cheers! Single, or married? Single... no kids, not engaged. That's great. When you come here... ...do you enjoy talking to other people? Sure. You have to be sociable here. You get to meet interesting men. Great. Well, then... ...dark room? Let's go. When I got started, we had nothing! We were hardly allowed to exist, there were raids, it was a crime. We were generation X, but we were revolutionaries. So what's changed? Nothing! Now we can sue anyone for discrimination, but who has time for that? We could screw them! Just imagine if every trans person were to sue every time they suffered discrimination, they'd spend their lives suing. And life is too short. Bravo! Who is it? I'm on my way. Sorry I'm late, the traffic's terrible. But I really want to see you, to be with you, to take you. I want to be inside you. You bitch! I need you now! Who is that? He's a guy, I made plans to see him. I can see that. But he gets so flustered, he doesn't even know what color the room is: red, dark... That's cause you drive him crazy: instead of a dark room, it's red, the color of passion. Shut up! It sounds great! Tel me about him. I met him here. Maybe you know him, his name's Max. Sounds familiar, maybe I do know him. He's a nice guy, mature, a good catch. Green eyes? No, his eyes... You didn't get the joke. But he's a nice guy. That's great! How long have you known him? Not long. I'd say about... ...a couple of months. That's a while, so you've been going out. Not really, I've mostly seen him here, we haven't... ...been out yet. - You haven't been out? - No. We've had a great time here. Oh, you see him here? Yes, he's on his way now. - That's great. - I'm expecting him. That's how he knows about the room. - Of course. - I see. That's great. What about you? I've also been seeing... ...a guy who was going to come, but he can't make it. He lives in Jalapa, which is a bit far. That's not easy. So he told me he can't make it any more. That's too bad, things don't always work out. I'll drink up and let's go. I'm heading to the subway. - Yes. - Portales Station. I get it! No need to say it twice! What's the deal? Just a couple. Just one. It's been slow. I'll text you on Friday, to see how the club's doing. Sure. I'll text you back with an update. Hi Rosh, can I have two regular cigarettes? Which ones are regular? Straight ones! - Thanks, can I have a light? - Sure. - Thank you. - You're welcome, sweetie. By the time I get dressed and made up, I'm so hot. But this is my reward, after working hard all week, when I stop being a man and I become Pina, at least in here. I love that you go clothes shopping with him. Rosh, it's so much fun! We really have fun shopping for clothes together. But it wasn't always so easy. If the internet had existed 20 years ago, when I found out, things would have been different. But it wasn't easy, we shed lots of tears, and we split up twice. But now you have a husband who is also your friend! And a much bigger clothes collection! You both wear the same size! She has to use sponges! - Hey, that's personal! - It's no big deal. - Haven't your drinks arrived? - No. - This is delicious, cheers! - Cheers! I was very thirsty. Oh, there's Lili. Thanks, dear. - Thanks, sweetie. - Cheers! Cheers! Yes, honey, I'm remodeling my house. I'm getting a new kitchen, a bigger one, with two breakfast counters... It's hard work, but it's worth it. - Hi. - Hi. - Want to go in for a look? - Or for some action? Have you got condoms? Yeah, don't worry. What's Alberto doing to you? He's bothering me. I've got a thing for curly hair. He's courteous... like Hernán Cortés. What can you tell me about Alberto, Rosh? He's really hot, and he's always treated us like a real gentleman. You tell her, Alberto! My name's Alberto, I'm 24 years old, I'm a Cancer, I like oral sex, weed... Slow down! I was going to tell you about my favorite animal, my favorite cartoon... It's Candy Candy. Oh, honey. - They're still in there, taking forever! - The hustlers won't hurry up. What's taking them so long? I need the restroom again, so... Hello, would you like a drink? - Cranberry juice. - Coming up. What were you saying? That you like me. - Did I catch your eye earlier? - You're handsome. ...and anyway, I don't want to. Want a cigarette? How about a smoke? Do you want to have sex now? I have a public life on the outside, but this is my secret life. The thing is, I feel so good here. When I go into that room, I see all kinds of stuff. And the best thing about the place: this lady! What about this lady? She's more beautiful every day. You're a real gentleman... one of a dying breed, a real dandy, even though you hit on everyone. You know what? When my pal asks me where I'm going, I tell him I'm off to see a girlfriend. That's not a problem, is it? This is the only life I've got, and then you die! I wish the entire community was like that, things would be so different. I'm so glad you came, I wasn't expecting you. A promise is a promise. Good night, sisters! How are you? Welcome! I see some loose women tonight. You look as loose as my grandma, and that’s saying a lot! She was a bit of a whore, and she had 15 kids. Fifteen! 27 nephews! But we're not here to talk about my grandma. Here's tonight's first commandment: you shall not steal your wife's or your friend's underwear. And especially not your lover's! What if you stain it! You get excited wearing her lingerie, and when she goes to work the following day, her underwear is stained as if she'd peed in her pants! That's not on, sisters! Second commandment: you shall adore sequins and pumps above all other things. What does that mean? You may feel sick, or depressed, but as soon as you put on a dress or a 6-inch heel, you'll be happy, sister! Third commandment: you shall adore your brother and your sister. That means that... It's not that you should blow them or do a 69! It means that... ...you support them, love them, that tonight you'll have fun together, you'll embrace them and sing together. - Hi. - Hi. - Come and join me. - Thanks. - I think I know you. - Yeah, same here. - You look really familiar. - Where from? How do I know you? From a long time ago... I knew you ages ago. - Really? Okay. - Yes. I know you really well. - How about you? - Yes, me too. I know you from somewhere. So how did you end up here? Well, I'd never been here, although I'd always wanted to come... to Casa Roshell, but I was on Boturini Street. - Did you know the place? - No, I wanted to go, but when I got round to it, it had closed. Then some time passed, I looked for it online, and that's how I found this place. - Yeah, me too. - You too? I know who you are, let me give you a hug. I'm so pleased to see you. What's your name in here? - In here it's Betty. - You? - Mariela. You can't imagine how pleased I am to see you. You were looking at me, and then I recognized you, and I know who you are. Yes, me too, but I never thought I'd see you in here. I thought maybe there was a chance, but I didn't know whether I would or I wouldn’t. It must be fate. So how did you make up your mind? A few years ago, I used to do this in a hotel. I used to buy clothes that I liked, - ...and I would transform in the hotel. - You got changed there. I got changed, put on make-up... Sometimes I'd go out for a walk, even if it was only around the block, but then I'd start to feel embarrassed and go back to the hotel, and that's how I'd spend my nights. But the following day things were different. Then I'd take those clothes and throw them away. - Oh no, what a waste! - I threw them away... ...because I thought it was wrong, that something was wrong with me. But then... ...as I grew older I started to look for a place, somewhere like this place. I'm so pleased to hear that, and to have found you here, after having lost touch. Yes, we hadn't spoken for a long time. What days does this place open? Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, but I only come on Tuesday and Thursday. I can't on Fridays. I'll try to come on Tuesdays and Thursdays, to see you. We've got so much to catch up on. Yes, It's been ages. But at least now we're in touch again. I never thought I'd find you here. - It must be fate. - Yes, it was fate. That's why I'm so pleased to have run into you! Yes, me too. What are you drinking? It's called a conga. You? A Cuba-libre, rum and coke. This one is alcohol-free. - Great... - Yes, that's better... We've got a lot to catch up on! Yes, we do. Did you imagine you'd ever see me here? No, and especially not like that! - I bet you didn't... - You? I did, to be honest. Although I wasn't sure whether I'd see you here or somewhere else, But I did. We did it, we look better this way. There's always that fear, I was afraid that... Did you want to do this for a long time? Yes, for years, but I was never able to do it, until I finally made a decision. Yes, me too. Now I feel fuller, more complete, happier. I feel better. Now that we are discussing this... ...I'd like us to make a deal, okay? I'd like us not to mix up what happens here, that you see me here, or... ...that I see you. Each to their own. That way, if they ever find out, let it be some other way, okay? Okay. Don't you tell them that you've seen me here, and I won't mention you. That way we can all get along just fine. You don't mess with my business, and I stay out of yours. - Deal? - It's a deal. That way we can just carry on, okay? - Sure. - So it's a deal... - Sure, I agree. - It's agreed, then. It's agreed. Because if I... ...they may already know about me, and nowadays I'm no longer afraid, but I'd prefer if they found out some other way, and this way there's no pressure, I don't care either way. Sounds good to me. Sounds good. This way I stay out of your business, and you stay out of mine. We know about each other, and since I'll keep seeing you here... We can talk here. - What do you say? - Sure, it's a deal. Although I don't have that problem, I don't... I don't have that problem, but it's a deal. - Done. - It's a done deal. Great. - And now... - Cheers! Cheers! What attracts you to a trans girl? We've discussed it, I've told him where I stand, and he's told me about his position, and I think that it's not just about sex any more. It's no longer just sex with Oso, it's more. Now we care for each other, you see? There is warmth, affection... ...care, and I think that this makes real sense. Did it take a lot of talk to achieve this kind of relationship? Of course. We've discussed it a lot. It wasn't easy, We've been dating for almost a year. You and I have discussed this. He left three times during that year. He panicked. I didn't know what to do, but... ...now he's back, he said 'I adore you, I can't...' '... I can't stop thinking about you, I want to be with you' A few days ago we went out for a meal and he said 'I want you in my life' It's not easy, but I feel better now. Mmm, delicious! Tequila is so good. Tequila made from Roshell's little garden, from the agave we planted about a month ago, which is already bearing fruit with this delicious tequila. Cheers, sisters! Seventh commandment: you shall adore... ...but never covet your neighbor's wig. What does that mean? It doesn't matter whether she's blond, a redhead, it doesn't matter whether she has jet black hair as long as a breasted mare's tail. That's right: a breasted mare. No one's ever seen it, like a unicorn. The breasted mare is a creature of Mexican mythology. Thou shalt not covet the wig, sister. Buy your own, don't be a bitch! And don't pull it off because she's bald! She's bald and she'd look terrible. She's so cute. Pull off the wig and she's bald. Seventh commandment. Seventh commandment. This one's very important because... ...Roshell enforces this one all the time, this one's special to her: You shall talk, and not yell. Sisters, after the show we hear yelling and more yelling, there's someone screaming in the dark room, you can't do that, sisters! Besides, the mike picks up all the sound! Talk! Speak! Eighth commandment: don't put on a fake voice. Sisters, you all have beautiful voices. We all know that you are men in drag, so please don't fake a voice, like... "My name is Maricarmen" Sisters, be proud of your voice! You sound like a cartoon character! Ninth commandment. And this one's just as important as the other, so let me insist: you shall drink and toast all night. Why is that? So that sales are good, so that everyone is happy tonight, so... ...cheers, my beauties! And now comes the tenth commandment. The tenth commandment is the most important of all: you shall come to Club Roshell every week. That's a promise, see you here! Good evening, friends, how are you? I hope that you are all having a great time. I warmly welcome you once again, and now, the moment we've all been waiting for. And gentlemen, get ready, because she's in a very romantic mood this evening, and one of you may be lucky enough to capture her affections this evening. Without further ado, let's hear a big round of applause for the star: Roshell! I am the indulgence of your skin, which you can no longer escape, I am the forbidden fruit, I am your innermost fever, to which you have surrendered your will, I am the forbidden fruit, I am a night of pleasure, of surrender and devotion, I am your punishment, because in your false intimacy, in every embrace that you give her, you dream of me. I am the sin that renewed your belief in love, I am the forbidden fruit, I am the affair that has allowed you to carry on along your way. I am the kiss that is given but can never be told, I am the name that you will never utter outside this place, I am the love that you deny to preserve your dignity, I am the forbidden fruit, I am the sin that renewed your belief in love, I am the forbidden fruit, I am the affair that has allowed you to carry on along your way. I am the kiss that is given but can never be told, I am the name that you will never utter outside this place, I am the love that you deny to preserve your dignity, I am the forbidden fruit. POP SUBTITULOS