Remote Viewing: A process by which psychics can see other places and people in the world. Sender: A psychic who has the ability to send remote viewing images. August 17, 1977 CIA Director Stansfield Turner has disclosed the agency found a man who could "see" what was going on anywhere in the world through his psychic powers. Turner confirmed that U.S. Intelligence operatives have discovered the Soviet Union is researching whether occult and psychic methods could be used to spy on other nations. The agency dropped the project in 1975. "He died", Turner said, "and we haven't heard from him since". -The Chicago Tribune It's looking to be as erratic as usual. The snow from last week's storm has completely melted. Mysterious colder temperatures are expected as another Atlantic front comes in. Looking ahead, forecasters are predicting Residents are advised to ensure their generators are patched up - Let's get it over with then. Tomorrow's tape should be interesting. This is Miss Henderson. I'm calling again about the blue hutch. I tried to stop by earlier today, but the sign said closed, and I was really afraid that you were closed for the whole . Hi, Roy, it's Virgil Haraday. I got people around here in the teachers' lounge, so I can't really talk, but I had to let you know I just received a call that concerns you. I thought you should know about it. This isn't a new commission. It's not that. Something, apparently, has gone pretty wrong. You've reached Dan Diaz at the Port Morsby Office. Please leave a message. - Hi, Dan, Roy Gomes here. Listen, something pretty heavy is going on here, and I am sending you something important, so keep an eye out for it, please. I need you to run an analysis at the lab, and just you, please. It'll be on the mail plane at sunrise tomorrow. This is an extremely, extremely urgent thing. Be safe. Division of the mental body from the physical. The separation of the mental body can be clearly realized by the dominant . November 4th. I'm gonna have to talk more about the gate. How do you talk about this ocean of possibility? To enter, one must become something else, a jellyfish, with its unbounded form as the ideal image. Formless as the jellyfish, its myriad legs and receptors, touching all things in the world at once. Good evening to you from the closing of this Tuesday, the 5th of November. Set the SAT link. SAT link calibrated. Romeo 1-3-6-0 . Copy. Ready in a minute. Just let me out now, over. Copy, we're experiencing a little interference there. - Standing by. Hotel 2-3, this is Whiskey 1-8. Your signal keeps dropping. You got a stick of gum there for me, tough guy? - Why don't you start smoking again and leave me alone? Romeo 1-3, here. - Thank you. - Copy that. Yeah, she's jumpy today. Whiskey 1-8, you are advised to reboot, over. - Copy that, 2-3, rebooting now. You need a second? - No, go for it. - Here we go. No, that's better. Whiskey 1-8, that's better on our end, too. Sorry for the delay. Hotel 2-3, this is Romeo 1-3, entering 0-1, holding the gate. The gate is running. We are back in black. Connecting you stateside. Sender A-0-1, the signal is in the clear. We are good to go. Copy that, 1-1-2-3. - Where's the girl, where's the girl? All right, sync clocks and commence. - Copy that, Omaha. - Romeo 1-3, secure all feeds for transmission. - I want minimal dilation on the clock. - Yes, sir. - And they have cleared for eyes only, don't forget to tell them that. - Copy that. - Look alive, we are five by five. Hotel 2-3, say again. Whiskey 1-8, you are cleared for eyes only. Hotel 2-3, are you saying no engagement? Confirmed, Whiskey 1-8, no go for engagement. Will comply, Hotel 2-3. And stay alert on comm. - Hotel 2-3, we are in position, and have eyes on location. Copy that, Whiskey 1-8. Commence audio-visual prep. - Copy that. And then sync. - Synchronizing on my mark. - Synchronizing in five. - Four. - Four. - Three. - Three. - Two. - Two. - One. - One. Sync. Two peas in a pod. He said, she said. - Clocks are running. Are we recording? Hotel 2-3, that static isn't clearing up. - Why are you always doing that, man? - Say again? - Roger that. Local recording access. Telemetry, Romeo 1-3. - Telemetry. Camera hacked, dude. - There's too much static. Switch to local recording. - We've got audio only for receiver. We got one in our channel. What's happening? - We've lost comms. That's not good. - Good morning. Did I wake you? I tried to be quiet. How do you feel? Are you hungry? So, I hope you don't think it's rude of me if I ask you some questions while you eat. Can you tell me your name? Shall we call you Camille? Camille. I'm talking to Camille now. I'm talking to Camille because Camille is a smart, smart girl, and she can understand the things I'm going to say better than the others can. Are you in the room with the others right now? Okay. Well, it's your turn. Tell them it's your turn, and step forward into the light. Who am I talking to? - Camille. Good. Do you remember what's happened to you? - No. - Under Stage One Reception State, the Camille archetype has no memory or self-awareness. It is unclear what counter-programming has been done on the subject, and, to determine this, will require some patience. Luckily, the mother code is still effective. But all the archetypes must be similarly tested. Everyone must be very hungry by now. Good. You have one new message. - Roy, hi, it's Virgil Haraday. I'm home, just putting the new lecture series together. I wanna let you know that I have been getting some calls. I'm running interference, but they're getting aggressive, so you may be hearing from the organization at some point today, just so that you are prepared, okay? She's awake. - Jesus Christ, Judith, be careful. - It's okay, it's Camille. She's all right. - I'll be right over. Hello? - Dr. Gomes. It's Tobin Wills. You're a hard man to reach. - Yes, I'm sorry, I was working. House calls? An auction. I'm not that kind of doctor anymore. I see. I wish I could picture where you are. Can I help you, Mr. Wills? Well, I have to apologize for this breach of your privacy. I realize this is unprecedented, and we wouldn't be doing it if there were any other way. - All right. We've had a little trouble with one of your commissions. - I see. - Yeah, it's a pretty bad situation, actually. We had an incident at one of our mobile facilities. I won't go into the details right now, but the outcome of said incident was the loss of two commissions. Sender A-0-1 and Receiver C-9-Ultra. They're both blown. - Oh, dear that's- I know the programming forbids them from finding their way to you. We don't see why she, in particular, would have any reason to try and contact you or Dr. Aymes. - All right, then why- They haven't tried to contact you, have they? - They wouldn't have any way. That program sequence has never failed, Mr. Wills. Well, they've blown, so it's looking like some of that programming failed. - Well, if you tell me what modifications were made to the program, I might- I'll let you know as soon as I do. Just gotta get our facts straight over here. - How long has she been like this? - Since you were on the phone. - Judith, let the girl eat her breakfast. She's processing. Besides, her eggs have gone cold. I made her fresh. - They've been in touch just now. - When? - Just now, right after you called. - You didn't? - Of course not. Resume. Relax in comfort after that meeting. Counsel Blessing Master Suites is your perfect getaway. Be sure to make your flight with our convenient shuttle service. It's not just for business A perfect getaway. - Yes? Meeting's been moved up an hour, can you make it? Sure. Sorry about the room. - Well, no need to put me in four star accommodations for the interrogation. I really don't want you thinking about it that way. It's a debriefing, which we are totally entitled to. - That girl in Serbia, that beta site, she was a sender. They realize that, don't they? She was in the gate. Those guys were guessing at the shit. Yeah, well, we might have found that out if your receiver hadn't shuffled them off with his bare hands. - Who's receiving? If she's the sender, who's her receiver? Listen, don't bring any of that up at the meeting. Coming from you, that's a little unsavory. You lost a fucking receiver. This never even happened before, so just answer the questions. - Sir. - Back me up in there, and I'll do what I can for you. Members of the board and Director, thank you for your patience. As the report indicates, on May 3rd, Sender A-0-1, our most effective psychic asset, performed a routine scan from our mobile facility in New Mexico. She viewed activity 16 miles outside of Belgrade. Receiver C-9-0 and his handler Operative 1-8 were dispatched. On May 4th, they arrived in Serbia and received orders for surveillance of foreign agents at an unknown facility. This was recon only, Mr. Wills. Yes, that's right. That was a directive from me. It sends a recording. - Now, at this time, teams from Serbia and the US experienced an anomaly. During this blackout, and against orders, Receiver C-9 and Operative 1-8 engaged the quarantine, killing everyone. By the time communication was restored, Sender A-0-1 and her receiver had both disappeared. Those are the basic facts, of which I think all of you are aware. Now, there are several issues of concern, and now that Operative 1-8 has joined us, we can continue, unless the Director has anything he'd like to say at this time. I don't have to tell you how grave the situation is. There is no higher calling for any of us than a solution to this problem. Operative, nice of you to show up. - I'm sorry, I was in transit when the meeting was rescheduled. Who is this? - Mr. Henshaw. Henshaw. - His team has been designated to find the girl. She's our sender. Why do we need another team? - 1-8, because we don't have an asset right now. - Look, I never took him back down the gate. They could still be linked. If I find him, I find her, too. - Why don't you take it easy? Yes, but this may be harder to do than you imagine, you see. - Dr. Marcel. - Well, to use a gate creates a psychic connection between the mind of the sender, who sees, and the receiver, who can see that information and act on it in real time. But, as I said earlier, their link had experienced a massive spike of energy. This has possibly increased her ability to see, and he could possibly move so fast, you might not find him, unless he wants it. He could quite literally be ahead of you. Are you saying he's time traveling? Well, not exactly, but, if they are still linked, and without control of any kind, in his current state, let's just say, I wouldn't want to deal with him. They are tagged, aren't they? I mean, what the fuck are you even talking about? - Of course they are tagged. - Lady, it's simple. You built a killer with an on-off switch, and it is currently stuck in the on position. - Mr. Henshaw, you have me on a flight at three. I shouldn't be late for that. - Right. Mr. Wills, talk to your man. - 1-8, would you please retrieve the device from the case? Dr. Marcel. To help you find your lost receiver, you are being given a new control device. It is a prototype. It replaces your current model. This new device has all the usual functions, communications, timer, drugging, with the addition of a kill switch. What does this do to him? Well, with that, you have the ability to incapacitate or kill any persons susceptible to the music gate. - Only on him, not the girl. Of course, and there is no contamination inside. - Whoa, hold on a second. He sets this thing off, what does it do to my asset? What's the range? - The device is set for this receiver only. Each psychic asset is triggered to enter the gate by a unique song. This device is calibrated for the lost receiver only. Your receiver has a different song. This device would have to be recalibrated- Thank you, Doctor. Gentlemen, our time is up. - Don't get too comfortable. We got a hit on your receiver's location. - First I've heard of it. - Next time, don't be late to the meeting. - Your man's got one shot at this, and then it's straight to processing. You know that, right? - Swooping in to take charge, huh? Assertive, get it done type of guy? Quoting rules to me. I've run the top level team for two years. Talk to me in a month. - We don't have a sender! We can't even use our own technology to find our own agent! You don't know nothing. Welcome to the OS menu for your VC-1238 beta unit. Please, listen carefully, as some of the options have changed, and the file structure has been modified. This unit has been fully charged, and no updates are necessary. Your new VC-1238 has a dedicated operating system. It is unlike all other VC controllers. Main menu, choose from the following options, data sync, gate neutralization, levels of weaponization, timed detonation. Priming the VC-1238. - Lucky Strike. Probably best not to watch too much of that. Where's Claudia? - She'll be back tonight? - Yeah, I hope so. Is she working out all right? She's doing everything I asked? - I think she's a little bored. - We've all been a little restless. Listen, they got a lead on the girl. Yeah, they got me flying out this afternoon. Car's waiting downstairs. It's just me again this time. I'm sorry. We'll get back out there. Hey, I got you some cookies and stuff. Razor wire. - Phoebe. Did you like the music? It's not popular, although I certainly don't know why. Why isn't it popular? I don't know. It's old. Old things require perspective, I suppose. They've done studies on classical music. It has amazing properties. It does. It facilitates deep healing. It heals trauma. And it's the only common denominator between personalities of a manually fractured subject. Would you like a demonstration? When we come back, Steiner and Shedenko's new release, version two, will dominate in tracking technology, which allows their customers to track anything anywhere in the world . But one critic claims this sort of cloaking technology is enabling rogue operators to hide anything anywhere. We find out, coming up next. - Yeah. - Two's company. - You're kidding. Just tagged him about a half mile from your location. They're both in Port Morsby. The awakening manifestation of the imagination, affirmations of the higher manifestations. Whiskey 1-8 knows something. I'm holding their tags. Copy that. This is from the Director? Jesus, are you trying to kill him? You're not to attempt to contact him until he's cleared. Your man failed in Port Morsby. Why isn't he processing? Because nobody thinks he's guilty. - Would you send in the file for Whiskey 1-8, please? Yes. Anything else, sir? - Continental breakfast for me. You want something? - Just the continental. What do you know about Peter Shedenko? Not his company, what do you know about him? - You can't be serious. - We get all our tracking technology from him. Who else does? - Have you not been paying attention? - Maybe Serbia was his show. Maybe he's looking to branch into our area of the business. That would be terrifying. - We're not going after Steiner Shedenko. - He's an anarchist. - They make dog collars. They've no idea what kind of dogs we own or how we train them. - I know he's behind Serbia. He's looking to expand. - You have no idea what's going on, do you? Five man team in Serbia, using first generation tech that the Russians gave up on 20 years ago, crushed. Dr. Diaz, who helped build early prototypes for us, strangled in his own office. The bodies your boy uncovered upstate? They worked in our facility 15 years ago as guards. But you didn't know that, did you? Your pit bull is targeting us. Now, it may not be protocol, but I think we should bring in Dr. Aymes. Maybe she can shed some light on this. - I've been working a year and a half to divorce this company from that fucking psycho witch doctor, so I'm not too keen on inviting her back to the prom at this point in time. - You pompous, provincial, little man. This is what's gonna happen. My man is taking point, wherever that leads. Now, I suggest you get your handlers straight, and go check in with Dr. Gomes again, or, so help me, you will be the Christian in the Coliseum, and I will be the fucking lion. Continental breakfast. - Dr. Aymes discovered the gate. But to understand her contribution fully, you need to understand some of the technical realities of this kind of work. The gate, an unquantifiable zone in the pineal area of the brain. Or really, what I should say, is the path to the gate lies there. Now, as we shall see, the way to the gate is inside, but the gate experience itself is, subjectively, not wholly inside, and that is why the military has been very interested in telekinesis since the '50s. Imagine if you could see and act upon what your seeing remotely. Just imagine that as a reality for a second, and you can see why certain people would be keen on keeping that information a secret. Now, I don't believe it should be. You add digital technology to the mix, that is just very dangerous, but, in its pure form, this was designed to liberate people. Hi, have a seat anywhere. Thank you for coming. And what Aymes did was to synthesize all of these backgrounds, music, progressive therapy, quantum parapsychology, which is my field, and line them all up. With her, amazing things would happen. She could heal people of a wide array of problems, quickly. So I'm told. Now, let's stop here. I'm gonna take these off. Okay. Ooh, sorry. How was that, how you feeling, good? Yeah? Now, I'm not gonna ask you to talk about your experience. I like to wait about 20 minutes to let the experience trail off, but, if you wanna speak about it with each other afterwards, discuss it, absolutely. I encourage that, okay? All right, you all right? All right, good, have a seat. Okay, who is next? Newbie, you're first. Yes, you, come on, you wouldn't come here if you didn't wanna try it. I promise, it won't sting. Well, all right, put these on, and try to make yourself as comfortable as possible. Just lean back and relax. Now, sorry to say that none of us are gonna have a full gate experience tonight. That's just not going to happen. Even with Dr. Aymes, the process takes time, and without proper preparation it could be a shattering of, say, 1,500 micrograms of LSD, so we are going to tread lightly on the path. Pick a tape. Okay. Dr. Aymes, she had a knack for picking a perfect song for each person. It just shows how well she was able to read people, and how deep her knowledge of music was. Now, mine is not that deep, so I stick with a basic set, designed by Yuri Gomes in '85. Okay, and we add the suggestion track. Good. All right, any questions so far? - I've been doing some searching online, and Dr. Aymes must've had her own music gate because she's the only person who was first able to do this. Right, yeah, I know where you're going with this. - Dr. Aymes' tape- - Officially unknown. I have never heard her tape. But, if I had to make an educated guess, she's a product of the '60s, so something from the summer of love. Oh, okay, let's stop that. You okay you all right? This is what I'm talking about when I say I wait about 20 minutes. Why don't you have a seat? And then there were two. The psychic ability, latent is powerful . And it tries to assert itself naturally. But, for the higher energies to prevail, consciousness is able to exist and function in the gate or the realms beyond. Therefore . - Hey. Hey! Hey! Help! I'm gonna throw up! - I got you. - Who, what do you want? - Honestly, I wanted to have a little chat over coffee, ask a few questions, and get back to my hotel. That was it. But, wow, after reading your fan fiction, there's more to discuss. - You're organization. - Yeah, I'm organization. You've got an organization. Everybody's organized. Listen, I really just came by to chat, but then I see the stuff you're writing about, and the stuff you're talking about in your school basement, and, I gotta tell you, it can't be like this, this is classified material. - No, no. Dr. Aymes' work- - No, no- - Is for everyone, it is for all of mankind. - You're gonna get people killed, putting this stuff out there, and, let me tell you, you are in enough of a jam as it is. Okay, this is what's gonna happen. No, no, take it easy, take it easy. - Don't! - Your life is about to radically change, but, if you cooperate, if you cooperate with me, it will be much better. You're gonna tell me everything you know about this group of Dr, Aymes', how it's run. - Oh, God! - Who's involved. You're gonna introduce me to Gomes. You are going to get me into the nest, do you understand? He won't see you! - Then you're gonna set up a meeting with Peter Shedenko. - Oh God. I'm having a heart attack! - What? - Oh, please, I need my pills, now. - Are you serious? - Please, my necklace! It hurts! Ow! My neck! - I'm not going anywhere near your fucking neck. Don't, don't, don't! Take the pill, up here. - As if I would ever bring a piece of filth like you to Mother's house. - Wow, that's disgusting. - Nothing fancy now. Nice and easy, pal. - You goddamn ass. You're a son of a bitch, you know that? - You driving now? - Yeah, two kids and a mortgage, yeah, I'm driving. Take a good look, this is you in 20 years. - That's mean, that's really mean. - What? You're doing a little light reading? - Yeah, homework. - Yeah. I'll turn it in for you. All of it. You know, they don't tell me shit these days, but I'm hearing some weird stories. This guy have anything to do with that missing receiver? You want her? - Nope. Why do you care so much? - Office pool. - You might also find just the opposite. You could discover you still have feelings for him, once you're clear of those old inhibitors. Do you think that's possible? And is it possible you imagined the situation to be worse than it was. Of course, it is. Think back for a moment, Doris. Do you remember having your eating disorder? Not long ago, you weighed over 250 pounds. Do you remember that? They called you names. They did terrible things to you. Do you remember that? Vivian remembers. Is Vivian in the room with you? No. - Last week, you told me you wanted to kill Vivian. What do you think it would be like to do that? It would be a big relief, I'm sure. You could kill her right now. Doris, I'm sorry for the interruption. Phoebe, we had an agreement that you would stay upstairs while Doris and I worked, didn't we? - Who the fuck is Phoebe? - I'm sorry, Doris, will you excuse me for a moment? Of course. - My niece has undergone a trauma. Madrid. - No, no! - Phoebe- - Stop calling me that! I don't know who Phoebe is! Why don't you just tell me where I am? Why are you doing this, who are you? What did you do to my eyes? - Phoebe, get on the couch. Madrid. - Was there shouting? - No, I was introducing you to my niece. - Oh, hello. - But you're gonna forget you saw her, all right? - Yeah. - I'm afraid our time is up. All subjects require a creative application of pressure. Senders and receivers who incubate together can form strong bonds but are fractured at different rates. Once disassociated, all the children . Wish you hadn't logged this with intelligence. - It was a company extraction. They went through everything I got out of the car. I mean, look, what do you want me to do? - I don't know, eat it, commit it to memory. There's been some talk. There thinking of bringing Whiskey 18 back inside. - Cleared? He's not still processing? Mm hmm. - Jesus Christ. - So I want you moving on Peter Shedenko before 18 gets back. Use Haraday as a way in. Pose as one of his students with urgent information, see what they know. - Am I taking Cassie? - No. The board wants to test our handiwork. Let's see if the subprogram is running. Activate. Who's his minder? - Claudia. - All right, tell him Claudia compromised his location. Sir, he's not, with no control and no sender- - Oh, no, we have control. I thought Whiskey 18 had the prototype. - Oh, Dr. Marcel's a friend, so now there are two prototypes. - Yes, sir. Hello? - Hi, my name is John Burkett. I'm calling for a Mr. Shedenko. How did you get this number? - I was a student of Professor Haraday's, and a package arrived for him this morning with instructions to call this number. - Yes. - And he died last night, I'm sorry if- - Hold on. He didn't happen to give you a password, did he? - Excuse me? A password or code of some kind? - He didn't give me a password, per se, but, oh, there are some things scribbled down here. Hold it, his handwriting is... Rising sun? Rising sun. - All right. How about later this afternoon? I can have someone come around and pick you up. Will that do? All right. - Hello, sir. That's right, where are you located, sir? I can be there in, say, one hour. - Virgil Haraday died last night. Some student of his is coming by with a package from him. Better get your things ready. - Yeah. - Let's op, blue, alpha, light seek. Hey, buddy, you gotta get outta there. Your locations' blown. Claudia's compromised you. - No. - Repeat, blue, alpha, light seek. - Claudia. - Who was that? - This place is burnt. - What? Let me get the go kit. There's something they want you to see. - I've seen that video, Casey. This is something different. - What am I watching? It'll start in just a second. - After you. Mr. Shedenko apologizes for the slight delay, but he'll be down in a bit. This is our patio area, so make yourself at home. While waiting, can I get you something cold to drink? - Sure, why not? - All right, I'll be right back. How's this? - Yeah, that's great, thanks. - Right. What's the password? - Rising sun. - I'm just kidding you. Here ya go. Lucky. Your little drive didn't have anything on it, so I'm confused. Virgil Haraday was a pretty good friend of mine, and he never said one word about you, which is a little funny. If you're waiting for a rescue, that's not gonna happen. - Sebastian. - Your implant says you've been at your apartment all this time. You're making a really bad decision. - Just a quarter. - I got it. - Really bad decision. Well, who are you? - We could use him. Good candidate for conditioning trials. - Okay. Get him ready. What do you know about Virgil Haraday? Do you know who made your implant? My implant? - It's not just senders and receivers that are tagged, Richard. We're all tagged. Steiner and Shedenko, you ever heard of them? They made a grotesque fortune in advanced tracking. Steiner did undergrad work with a certain Daniel Diaz before he went into business with Shedenko. The doctor from Port Morsby. You haven't read any of the report. - You don't really check your email in processing. - Diaz was murdered, and in possession of our girl's tag. - You have a man on this. And your partner's. - Why am I sitting here right now. - We can't find him. Richard, Richard, Richard, you have no choice here. I did everything in my power to get you out sooner, but it's only for a day's leave, unless you do this thing. Now that's the deal. And it's a good one, all things considered. Richard, it's been like Dresden here, raining down fire and shit, just raining, and you have no idea the stress that I'm under. Now you have to prove yourself to them. I got you out. But you have to do something for us. - Judith! I was hoping to talk to her. I didn't realize you'd be going through the sequence again. - What did you wanna talk about? - I don't know, I just wanted to talk to her. - She cannot eat after take five in an hour or so. If she feels like talking then, you can, but make sure you record the conversation, and just keep going with the sequence, don't stop at five. - I know how to take care of her. - God, I hate this. I can't stand leaving her even for a minute. - I know. But it'll be good for you. - That's protocol. At the threshold of passage into the stage one, there occurs the separation of the mental body from the physical. The separation of the mental body can be clearly realized by the dominant personality, but we are still waiting for the alpha trauma, which will begin the chain of re-detachment. In the sessions, we say "kill" or "murder," but this is only a symbol of the dominant, healthy personality cleansed of all neurosis. This radiant being, wholly new, wholly enlightened, wholly benign, policed only by its own perfection, the rising sun, our hope, our summation. What did you make? - Pasta. We saved some for you, if you're hungry. - Is it good? - Real pancetta, finally arrived on the boat today. I ordered it a month ago. I think there's some wine left. - I'll go up and see her first. Kiss Mommy goodnight. - I didn't wanna bother you with this last night when you had so many other things on your mind, but someone from the organization has been calling. They have a man on the island, I think. - Well, they're not allowed to do that. You better find out what he wants. - They're going to come for her. We need to tell them where she is. - Well, that's not gonna happen. - Think about how dangerous this can become for her. - She is the rising sun. It's not up to you. She is the product of everything we have ever tried to accomplish. That's why I changed her code. I made her different from all the others, to come home, to come back home, because she wasn't finished. - Back home. They're going to murder both of us. Oh, tell me you didn't do this. - Listen to me, listen to me. No! - Please tell me you did not do that, Judith! - What does it matter as long as she's safe, and she will be. I set it in motion. I've contacted Mr. Haraday in my last transmission on the day she arrived. The whole network knows about it by now. Shedenko's on his way. He'll have a boat ready, just like the plan has always been. - And leave me here to clean up, I imagine! For 25 years, you've professionally shat on me! - Where are you going? - Where am I going? To check my messages, to see if our murderer has called again! Judith, if we cooperate now, there is a chance that they will facilitate her recovery, and, for all we know, they may want you to do it here. - Or you, since you've been going through again. - Just last night. I know, I know I drive you crazy. - What is she doing? - I want to protect both of you! I'm just frightened of what will happen. - What are you doing? You can't smoke here. Where did you get cigarettes? - From under the house. Dr. Gomes, it's Lorraine Huey from the Psychology Department at Everett University. Have you been coming down here? Who has been coming down here, Ivy? I'm afraid I'm calling with bad news. I wanted to inform you that Virgil Haraday has passed away from apparent suicide. I know you were a longtime colleague, and this must come as a terrible shock. Dr. Gomes, like I told you in my last message, I'm on the island, and I need to talk to you. Urgently. Judith, Judith! We're here, in the cellar! - What are you doing? - Did you leave this unlocked? - No, just, he's here. - What? - Don't leave the cellar. Fuck. - You don't wanna let me in, Doctor. This is it? There's no other building or? - No. - This is where you do it? - If you are referring- - On a futon with a cassette player. You gotta be fucking kidding me. - You have no right to be here. You are trespassing, and you are inquiring about things which you know- - We're way past you privacy clause right now, Doctor. Turn that off, turn that music off. There's no other lab, there's no other building on the property? What Dr. Aymes has done requires only doctoring. How the organization trained you, total bastardization of our technique, which is why we can't help in your situation. Our situation? - We provide the vehicle. What you do with them- - I don't suppose Dr. Aymes would be willing to help us track the girl? - She can't help you that way. Dr. Aymes isn't psychic. Why haven't you tried one of the older models to do that? We didn't have any luck there. - She may have learned how to cloak herself. - Like this place is cloaked, I guess. - I'm sorry? - I saw your system on the way in here, keeps you nice and hidden, kills all digital frequencies, keeps cellular and GPS interference away from the subjects. It made me realize our birds might be right in this house, and we'd never be able to see them. - That's ridiculous. The programming doesn't even allow recall- - Why don't you shut your fucking mouth? I know she's here. I hired a boat. It can take us to St. Pierre. From there, Iceland, and then you don't know where. A receiver won't touch her. I can handle things. I can stay ahead of the organization for a while, but this island will be swarming with bad news in 48 hours, and this is the only deal you're gonna get from anybody. Don't ask me why I'm doing this. I think you're human garbage. - I come, too. What? - I come, too. - I'll be in touch then. - He's gone. Give me your hand. Ivy. Ivy. - You got no beef with me, right? We're gonna be really calm and cool. - Cheeseburger. - Okay. You gotta talk to me, man. You gotta tell me something. Eyeballs-only job, and you leave a room full of corpses. What the fuck, man? - I was through the gate by the time I got to the building, and I had a strong tether, full visual hookup. I remember, she'd been coming on pretty weak for a while. This was strong. I'd started hearing her voice. She talked to me, out of other people. The cigarette-stained guy at the hotel, I think he was the first. His face was a flower. It was made out of meat. But it was her voice. - Our girl was talking to you? You're supposed to tell me. - There was nothing you could do about it. I know that. In the hallway, she saw the other sender, and she was strong. So she asked me to do those things. And I did them. Marlboro. What's going on in there, man? Where's our girl? - We got set up. We got set up real bad. - No codes, huh? The bed and breakfast isn't far. We'll run as much sequence as you need. - You can't help me. - Man, I can try. But you gotta trust me, and you gotta do what I say. Remember Grosney? Okay, still got a sense of humor. I gotta take this outside. I can't lie to Wills while I'm staring right at your face. I'm not that good. Whoa, hey, where you going? - Bathroom. - Right. Whiskey 1-8. - Whiskey 1-8, you got a timing problem. - Where's Wills? I'm Wills now. - Okay. - You should take off. We're handling it from over here. - I've just had some breakthroughs. You gotta give me a couple more days. Listen, you send someone out here right now, they're gonna fuck it up. I spent the last three months unfucking your whole show, but I know a Judas goat when I see one. And there it is. The hesitation. - Oh, man. He is nonresponsive to database modification. What's your status? What is your directive, what is your directive? Decommission and full wave spectrum amplification. Hold, sweet meat, 10 minutes. What is your directive? Commencing amplified gate termination. And he's nonresponsive. What did you tell them? That she wasn't here? I need you to listen, right now. - I think it's interesting, what you're hiding now. It's pretty beautiful. - It's nice. - I kinda like it. - I think I'm gonna put in a jacuzzi. - I don't blame you. I've always really liked it here. Hello. I know she's awake. - There's some people I've invited to see you. They've come a long way. Is it all right if they come and say hello? She's ready. - Hello, Marin. My name is Dr. Shedenko. This is my friend Dr. Steiner, and I think you know his wife Doris. We've heard some very interesting things about you. Dr. Aymes has told us you have some very special talents. Can I have the radio, please? Now, in a few moments, there is going to be a broadcast. Two people will be having a conversation, just talking, having a discussion, a young woman and an older man. I want you to listen to their voices. Can you do that? Just listen to their voices. That's good, very good. Now, Dr. Aymes and I want you to do something for us. The older man, can you find him, can you do that? I want you to find the older man whose voice you're listening to right now, and I want you to find him in your special room. I know it's difficult, but just try. Try to find the older man in your room. That's good. She doesn't need the music gate. - She is the music now, Peter. - Excuse me. Hold that for me, would you? Don't be scared. It's all right, just hold that. Hold that little plastic straw. Have you got that in your hand? See the plastic straw? Now, I want you take one end of that straw and I want you to put it into the man's head. Can you do that? Just put one end into the man's head. And, on the other end, I want you to blow a little bubble, just a little bubble. Please, do that for us now. - Please, don't do this. - Dr. Gomes, we've gone through a lot of trouble. - Shh! Dr. Aymes. - Marin, Marin, I want you to do what he's asking you to do. Marin, kill him. Kill him, please! Error, system will remain offline until repair. Error, system will remain offline until repair. Error, system will remain . Well, that was disappointing. - Well. Judith, she's probably tied. We can try again tomorrow. - Don't answer that! Why is your cellphone ringing? The perimeter's down. We're wide open, Judith. - You'd better get the car started. - All right. There's a perimeter sensor at the end of that trail, near the edge of the cliff. Check it. - Sensor. - Hello, Cal. - Marin, get your coat. Get your coat! Aren't you going to eat something, Cal? Marin, make sure he eats something. - Mother. - Yes, dear? - May I pick some music for breakfast? - Yes, of course, that would be lovely, Marin. ♪ Tides are turning ♪ The waves come crashing ♪ And the people are scared ♪ Oceans in view ♪ Oceans of you - I've got you. ♪ Tidal waves of blue ♪ Come crashing ♪ Baby, I should unwind ♪ They say I've lost my mind ♪ It's only love - 60 seconds. ♪ I guess that means I'm gone Off. ♪ Maybe they think I'm gone 45. ♪ Oceans in view 40. ♪ Oceans of you ♪ Tidal waves of blue 35. ♪ Come crashing 30. ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh 25. ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh 20. ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh 15. ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ Oceans in view 10. ♪ Oceans of you Five. Four. ♪ Tidal waves of blue Three. Two. One.